How we are alive.
Abby Martin,
how do you feel about that?
I feel great.
You've done that live shit before.
Hell yeah.
You're free.
The Russians free.
That'd be Martin,
formerly of Russia today.
The lone standing voice.
You were like the person you ever want to say Russia today.
Who the fuck's gonna Watch that?
Well that chick seems to be speaking her mind.
Yeah.
Mm.
Gave me in a lot of credibility to the network when you have dissent against the
funder.
I mean,
yeah.
That's a weird place to be though.
Huh?
Like that whole Crimea thing.
When you were a protest to what you were talking and speaking and I guess an
editorial fashion on your show about what was going on with the,
uh,
the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the Crimean situation.
And they were like,
well,
you should go there yourself and see it.
And you're like,
fuck that.
Was that when you were starting to think like,
man,
maybe I should not be here.
Well,
well,
the problem was waking up to a press release saying that I was already going to
be shipped there without asking me.
So that was when you shipped shipped.
So I just said,
no,
I'm not going to,
I just didn't want it to be a vetted press experience for me.
I wanted to make my own contacts on the ground and Kiev plus it was like a war
zone at the time.
I mean maybe not Crimea,
but you crane even though it's part of it.
Um,
yeah.
So I wanted to get training and also make my own context instead of just going
with like vetted Russians and just like going around Russians there and being
like,
look,
everything's great.
They're all happy.
Like we vetted everyone already.
Here's your experience.
You asked me a weird gig working for Russia,
like the Russian sponsored news network in America,
living in Washington DC.
Like what a block from the White House.
Yeah,
it's great.
You're in the belly of the beast and you're also working for the enemy.
Right.
It's amazing.
Um,
whenever I'd meet guys at bars and they'd be like,
what are you do?
I'm like,
I work for Putin's propaganda machine.
I just like to shut it down.
Just make everyone really uncomfortable.
Yeah.
They'd be like,
I don't want to Texas check,
we'll get on a list.
You know,
I think Dave would put you on some sort of a list,
right?
I'm assuming that everybody who's friends with you is on some sort of a list.
Well I think,
I don't like to live in fear of the NSA,
but I think that obviously,
you know when you have John Carry out there all the time fearmongering about
Russia today and bringing it up saying that using Russia today as an example,
why the US State Department propaganda apparatus needs tens of millions of
dollars more funding,
which is called the broadcasting board of governors.
So it's Radio Free Europe and Voice of America and it's the,
it's what the US does to put their propaganda out to the rest of the world.
And so John Kerry's using Russia today as an example of how good Russia is that
putting these counter talking points out there and using it to get more money so
you know that they're paying attention and you know that they are really
bothered by it.
But if they did anything like sanction the station or tried to shut it down,
it would look really fucking bad.
They can't go that far
though.
It's,
it just shows you that the world is really just these odd shades of gray.
It's not really black and white because obviously Putin is
a dictator.
I mean there can be no doubt at a certain point after a certain amount of Sass
nations and certain amount of taking oligarchs money and throwing them into jail
and all the crazy shit that guy's done.
He's essentially some sort of a new dictator,
a new style of dictator,
and yet Russia today reported on some real shit and then gave you a lot of
freedom to report on real shit,
which is weird.
You know,
it's,
it gets everybody in this strange predicament.
Like,
do I,
can I pay attention to Russia today?
Do I,
do I trust it?
First of all,
Putin is not addicted dictator because he was elected,
but,
but here's what's weird is that he created this new position.
So you have [inaudible] Dev and then you have Putin basically reemerging,
right?
It's like Bush coming back and just be like,
Yo,
I'm going to fucking just create this position and just come back into
government.
So he did kind of create this caveat to come back in and have like a giant
sphere of influence still.
But I mean he does have a huge,
but he has huge support there and I think in due part to this Cold War
resurrection going on in the West,
so when you have Russia been bombarded with attacks constantly,
it kind of reinforces that homeland feel to the people in Russia and they're
like,
fuck y'all.
You guys are just like constantly attacking us.
So we're going to kind of maintain the strength here and really be
nationalistic.
So it's almost like helping Putin.
What I don't understand about the whole thing is that we're not looking at
communism.
This is not the Cold War.
So I don't understand what the US is getting out of it.
When you have like an oligarchies Anna Uber capitalist nation that's basically
in line economically.
What the U S I mean it's run by oligarchs just like the U S is,
we're not talking about like communism versus capitalism anywhere.
So what are we getting out of it to kind of continue
to like create this dueling narrative?
Well,
I think first of all,
people are nervous about Putin.
I mean he's,
he's uh,
when you look at him,
you know,
at least the image that's being betrayed through the media.
He's this very macho guy.
You see him with his shirt off riding horses and shit,
and you have a
one guy who,
the guy recently,
they said Putin could be worth as much as $200 billion.
When you look at all the money that he's stolen,
all the,
the different people's money that he's taken,
all these oligarchs that he throws in jail and takes their companies,
they think that it can be worth as much as 200 billion.
But you know what people have said that about Hugo Chavez and Maduro too.
And they take all of the nationalized like assets into account.
And they just say that Maduro owns like billions of dollars worth of wealth
because of the nationalization of products.
So I don't necessarily take that at face value and say that like Putin has,
you know,
as a mass this giant wealth that he has.
I,
the problem with the propaganda wars is that you don't know what's fucking true.
Right.
Of course series investor Putin
could be the world's richest man with 200 billion stolen,
who's hermitage capital management,
I don't know,
Bill Prouder,
CEO of Hermitage capital management.
It's so,
so crazy.
Scroll down,
Jim,
you know.
Oh
Wow.
Um,
yeah.
What I love about,
about the propaganda war though is that you have all these like establishment
journalists who will immediately say that Putin and he very Mel may well have
killed that dude.
You know,
I don't know.
Um,
but to immediately come on the media and say that Putin is politically as hasn't
in all of these people in the street right in front of the Kremlin,
but then you can never ever question any sort of political assassinations that
have taken place in this country.
So it's like a way to just project all of these issues when it comes to either a
false flag terrorism or political assassinations,
or just suspicious deaths outwardly.
And then just say like,
well,
that's fucking bad shit.
If you ever apply that to our political system here,
well that would be sort of like if ran Paul was assassinated,
if ran Paul was running against Putin or against Obama and was,
it was like second term and he was,
uh,
you know,
campaigning and running against Obama and then was murdered in the street.
That would be what it would be more like.
It's,
it's,
it's a lot more brutal and open than any of the political assassinations that
may or may not have taken place under the United States.
Like,
what,
can you,
can you think of a similar political assassination that you could attribute to
the United States?
Like maybe Vince Foster,
which allegedly was an assassin.
I mean,
all of the,
you know,
of course,
obviously other than the Kennedys,
Mlk,
um,
which of course a court case found that the government was complicit in his
assassination as well.
Uh,
Memphis,
Tennessee court,
um,
jury found that.
But yeah,
I mean actually there was an embassy row bombing of a fucking just car bomb
exploded and killed some leader and it came back to some complicity within the u
s government and another government working together.
So their husband,
shit like that happened.
But yeah,
I mean,
nothing just as overt of a,
you know,
that guy being just often
that guy,
that guy was a very vocal supporter and he thought that his fame would protect
him.
That was,
that was what he thought.
[inaudible] that didn't work.
No,
no.
I don't know what the fuck is going on there,
man.
It's so,
it's so,
you know,
it's hard.
It's a,
and this is when people would give me shit all the time.
Why aren't you talking about Russia every day?
And it's like,
look,
it's extremely hard to talk about any country that you don't understand fully.
I never been there.
And also you're looking at a country that,
you know,
uh,
the Soviet Union collapsed not that long ago and they're figuring shit out.
And so it's kind of,
it's kind of like our moral and position on the Middle East and being like,
you guys are so barbaric and why aren't you,
why haven't you evolved to where we are?
And it's like,
well,
first of all,
there's so many different factors playing into that on a completely different
political evolution.
So it's just like,
just hold,
hold your fucking like judgment for a second and try to understand how these
countries are the way they are.
Of course you can,
yeah,
you can call it like criminal activity in other countries,
but it just seems like people have a lot of shit to say without really
understanding all of these different dynamics that go into global affairs.
Yeah.
Putting myself,
yeah.
I don't understand Russia at all.
All right.
It's,
it's a fascinating place though.
it's interesting to think that when we were kids,
when I was kid,
um,
we were always worried about going to war with Russia.
That was the big fear that was hanging over everyone's head.
It was like people really would go to sleep at night,
terrified of potential nuclear war,
and we will use thought we were one incident away.
And then for a long time it went away.
You know,
when the Soviet Union collapsed and Russia became this new sort of much more
peaceful place,
it was,
it seemed like there was never gonna happen again.
And now it's all ramping up again.
And now they just sold missiles to Russia or to,
um,
uh,
ran.
Rather,
it was a,
in the news in the last couple of weeks,
they lifted their embargo of selling
scares me.
Is there a two proxy wars going on right now between the U S in Russia,
Ukraine,
and Syria?
I mean,
that is happening.
That is real.
And now,
um,
you know,
we have Ukraine,
obviously the u s is openly endorsing and funding the Ukrainian government with
lethal aid.
And then you have Russia army and these rebels there.
So basically the US and Russia are fighting a war in Ukraine.
And then you have the Assad factor where Russia is funding Assad.
And then you have the u s openly funding these fucking jihadist Islamic
terrorist essentially on the ground in Syria.
That scares me because the war's already happening.
It's just through different mediums.
Jesus,
I know.
So you were working for Russia today.
First of all,
how'd you get that Gig?
How does one get a Gig and like working for Russia today and was there any
hesitation on your part?
So I w I came from antiwar activism and long story short,
realize that media was really the platform that we need to be fighting because I
saw both parties selling the Iraq war and I was like,
what the fuck is going on?
So then going back to Oakland and the police stayed just showed up in my
backyard.
Once occupy Oakland happened,
there was like seven police helicopters flying around the city at all times.
There was tens of thousands.
It felt like storm troopers to respond to like 80 hippies camping out in a park.
So I was like,
this is fucking crazy.
And then Russia today was the only like legitimate news organization covering
the occupy movement.
So during that time,
the mainstream media was ridiculing occupies so hard and I just kept seeing
videos pop up of like Russia today,
this little like a Russian with the green logo.
And I was like,
what is this network?
Why is it the only one covering occupy?
I didn't really give a shit though because I was just like,
this is great that this network is covering it.
I don't know why,
but that's amazing.
So I became kind of the liaison in Oakland for our t and d DC in New York and
Moscow.
And I was just like kind of conveying what I was seeing.
And a lot of my videos went viral from my website media routes that I was
covering,
you know,
the police raids and them tear gassing people.
One of my videos helped Scott Olson when his court case,
the guy who got shot with the tear gas canisters face like in pointblank range.
Anyway,
um,
so our t just really liked the videos that I was doing and asked me to come
there for an interview.
And,
um,
I just said,
there's no way I want to move to DC.
That sounds horrible,
but I just couldn't,
I couldn't pass up the opportunity.
And they said that they wanted me to have a show and just do exactly what I was
doing and just rant,
um,
and,
and have an international platform to do so.
But the only hesitation that I had,
I mean,
I talked to someone who initially interviewed me for our tea and I asked her,
why do you work here?
Like,
why is Russia today covering things that activists care about?
Like what is,
what is going on here?
And she was like,
look,
if I have to work for the Russian government to tell the truth about what's
happening in my country,
that's what I'm going to do because we have to get the information out there.
At that time,
the Cold War,
Russia was not in the news like militarily or like this crazy cold war relic,
renaissance and resurrection in terms of like propaganda wars.
So at that time I was like,
that's great.
And I mean,
the editorial freedom that our t gives is completely unmatched.
And of course people are going to lovey that,
that gross generalization that everything on the networks propaganda.
The problem is everything's propaganda.
Every fucking thing is propaganda.
Tell me one media source that is not used in some way to push a viewpoint or a
bias.
Everyone has bias.
There is no such thing as like a new trouty.
You know,
everyone comes with an opinion,
everyone comes with a bias.
And I'd rather know the bias,
which is Russia today.
You may not get the truth about Russia from going to Russia and watching Russia
today,
but you will get the fucking truth about the u s government and you will get the
truth about corporations because it's state funded.
So you can talk about those things without worrying about advertisers and
sponsorship.
So I always tell people,
navigate around the bias.
No,
I'm not going to tell people that there is no bias.
That's fucking stupid.
Of course there is,
it's Russia today.
It's fun by the Russian government.
So there's a lot of factors that go into that.
But I'd much rather know the bias blatantly in front of my face than not know
the tens of thousands of like special interests and conflicts of interests going
into the entire corporate media apparatus and all these other agencies.
I mean,
and that's even scarier because you have people on those channels that had been
fired for criticizing the u s government and it's not even state funded media.
That's just corporate media.
The other thing about what you were doing that I thought was really interesting
was you,
you weren't like easily definable.
You know,
there's liberals and there's conservatives and they're on television and they,
they kind of stick to a narrative because that makes it,
it makes their career more definable.
Like who they are.
You know,
if you look at like the best examples are the really ridiculous Republican guys
like the Hannity guys.
Like they're,
they're,
they're putting on a show like that.
The bill
O'Reilly's.
Those guys are putting on a show,
whether they realize it or not.
Like you could,
you will know their opinions like long in advance before you ever hear it from
their mouth because you know what they're going to be.
It's,
it's real simple.
Cut and dry.
There's going to be no surprise.
There's just no subtlety,
there's no nuance,
there's no consideration of all the objective facts that go into all these
different things and objective reasoning.
There's none of that.
It's just this is a Republican,
this is a democrat.
This is Alan Colmes and he's going to argue with this guy because this guy is
Joe Scarborough and he's a no nonsense Republican in Pharma
and who has a dead intern that has not explained what happened.
Joe Scarborough,
who used to be like a congressmen and one day the is intern was just found dead
in his office.
What?
Yeah,
and he was like having an affair with her.
I don't know.
No fucking gun every time and was having an affair with her.
That's what they say.
And everyday that's that fucking day.
Nice Day.
They say the experts say that,
Joe.
See what you can find Jamie.
Yeah,
I find that check.
Cause every time Joe Scarborough,
we'll like tweet something out.
All those group responses are like,
what about your dead internship?
Or like no one has let him live it down.
Oh,
so when did this take place?
2001.
Okay,
so as long time ago.
Yeah.
But 14 years.
And now do you know that Lori?
Yeah.
This was um,
co anchor,
whatever on that show.
Morning Joe is Brazinski his daughter.
Did you know that is a big new Brzezinski's daughter who,
who's presents g?
Um,
he is like a,
uh,
an oligarch like Neil liberal strategist who wrote a book called the Grand Chess
Board.
It's like this giant like overlooking policy base.
I mean,
Obama's read his book,
it's a,
he's very influential global leader in terms of like policy making in foreign
policy and um,
he's kind of like an over seer of a lot of political ideology and thought that
has been applied.
Um,
Brzezinski's daughter.
It just shows you the incestual nature of the whole core of media that you have.
Like,
you know,
Andrea Mitchell and all these people have really close connections to the
political establishment and very high places.
The Gary Condit thing,
everybody knew about,
everybody heard about that,
that that scandal,
the Shandra Levy,
she disappeared,
she found was turned up,
murdered and he was never charged.
And it was all very creepy.
I never heard a word of this.
Oh,
so she's 28 years old.
They,
she was dead.
She's from den.
No foul play or any outward indication of suicide.
Well,
what does that mean?
Right.
She uses found on the ground and I said that she hit her head on the desk and
just died.
It makes no sense.
Really,
really mean
how convenient she was found slumped next to a desk and the floor of the
Republican congressman Joe Scarborough's,
Fort Walton Beach Office where laureate serves consultant services.
So how do they know that?
June.
Is there any evidence at all that they had an affair?
Yeah.
Or is it just bullshit talk or just talk rather it's just talk.
Hmm.
Well,
what they should they say?
Yeah.
Well it's just
crazy.
Yeah.
It's just weird,
right?
I mean,
who just dies at 28 with like,
no,
I mean,
what a bummer.
What happened that she have on one or two.
It's also when,
when someone does die like that,
it's all like how does the person who is guilty or accused rather,
how do they react?
You know,
are they bummed out that that person's gone or they immediately like,
like it wasn't mood tell you one thing.
Definitely wasn't me feeling how Joe reacted that day.
This is very strange.
It is.
I didn't know that it is,
but I think that when you're looking at rt,
um,
and I wasn't easily definable because my whole angle was coming outside of party
lines cause I'm so disgusted with both parties.
And I think that that's why people are so disillusioned because they,
they're watching the media and they just think that there's just two camps,
two parties that you know,
and it's bullshit and both are perpetuating really disastrous policies on a
domestic and foreign policy front.
They're indistinguishable when it comes to war.
So we'll look at this,
look at this.
They found such a medical
examinator.
The medical examiner,
Dr. Michael Burke Land,
said she had a past medical history that was significant,
but it remains to be seen whether that played a role in her death.
Soon after a member of the immediate family reached out,
uh,
rejected out of hand that Lori had any significant medical problems.
She wasn't fat,
quite an athlete having recently run an eight k and a very respectable time and
she belonged to the northwest Florida track club as a result of the mandatory
autopsy.
However,
it was deemed inconclusive.
Docker Burke land ordered more specific toxicology tests.
The results were expected by the middle of the following week and the first or
second day of August.
Docker Berkland commented on the time this turns over several puzzle pieces in
the case of her death and reveals more of the picture.
Now listen to this Berkland.
It turns out as a very interesting background himself recently relocated to
Florida as a matter of public record.
The Dr. Perkins Medical License in the State of Mississippi,
Missouri was revoked in 1998 as a result of Berkland reporting false information
regarding a brain tissue sample.
And in 1996 autopsy report,
Brooklyn does not deny the charges is also a matter of public record.
He was suspended from his position as medical examiner in the state of Florida
in July of 1999.
Yeah,
motherfucker.
And look at down below it says basically that she would have never killed
herself.
I'm sorry.
Was it a suicide or not?
Like I thought that they rolled it out.
Well,
what is going on?
She's as close as Lori died as a result of a blow to the head because of an
undiagnosed heart condition caused her to collapse and fall.
That's what I'm saying.
Hitting her head on the desk.
It sounds very sketchy.
It's super hard to kill somebody by hitting their head in the dusk.
Uh,
you got a really fucking whack your head like it can happen,
boy,
but it's not likely.
It's if you fall
and just bang your head off the dust.
That's where your skulls for your skulls.
We can't hear you when you talk.
You're not on a microphone.
Abby's friends get a little excited here.
Um,
she falls,
hits her head,
dies this shady fucking medical examiner.
The whole thing is weird,
isn't it?
Or someone needs to look into that.
So cold files,
those TV shows,
they bust everybody.
Yeah.
Need to look into that.
But there's not much you could do after.
Right after all this time.
You know when you're talking about like 14 years later.
Yeah.
It's still sketch though.
Well,
do you ever look into the,
um,
Vince foster?
I read a book,
the strange death of Vince foster hall.
That was the guy that was involved in,
what was it called?
Whitewater was the,
um,
the Clinton scandal.
The real estate's gambled.
The Clintons were involved in,
he had some knowledge of that.
He was found key,
committed suicide,
but he still had the gun in his hand,
which never happens.
The gun goes flying out of everyone's hand.
When you shoot yourself brown,
you know,
the gun was fine.
He still had the gun in his hand.
There was a lot of blood missing from his body.
But almost none of the seat in the crime.
They're there,
almost absolutely convinced that his body was moved and that somehow or another
he was moved to the spot where they found him,
but yet that was it.
Guy Killed himself,
shot himself in the head.
Here's the gun.
We're good.
That's insane,
man.
Yeah.
I seen if you're one of those cats that's willing to send people to war and you
have to be to be a president,
almost every single PR,
I guess,
let's say every single president responsible for someone's death,
even even,
you know,
think of like the most,
I guess Jimmy Carter would be the most peaceful guy.
He had to be responsible for someone dying,
right?
Yeah.
Gerald Ford had to be responsible for someone dying.
Reagan for sure.
They're all diverse spot.
I guess it's not that hard or just fucking,
this guy is going to sing and he's going to fuck up everything and he's going to
ruin America.
Let's just stack 'em out.
Well,
perfect example of this is the anthrax attacks.
Have you heard what the fuck is going on with this?
No.
Oh my God,
man.
All right.
Um,
so first of all,
when the anthrax letter,
you know,
like one will happen,
right?
I just don't know.
So right after nine 11,
the nation was in a complete like traumatized state of hysteria and fear,
right?
So literally like weeks later,
I think it was like October,
maybe even late to Denver,
I think it was October though,
the first anthrax letters were sent in the mail.
Um,
and they were,
they said like a death to America,
death to Israel,
like on these letters.
And they were sent oddly enough to like Tom Daschel and other like people who
were opposed to the Patriot Act at the time.
And also it killed a five postal workers.
It got sent to like reporters and Congressmen's office and by postal workers
ended up dying.
Um,
some of them were fake.
Basically what came out after Cheney and Rumsfeld and all these assholes when
all of the media and touch started tying anthrax to Saddam immediately and
immediately saying that it was all Islamic terrorism.
Weeks later it came out that it wasn't Islamic terrorism.
After you know if Colin Powell hand holding up the vial of anthrax at the UN,
like using all of this to connect to Saddam Hussein saying that there was like
anthrax labs there and you have Judith Miller,
the New York Times basically printing like all this bullshit about anthrax and
bioterror coming from Iraq all at the same time.
Then it comes out that it would came,
it was a high grade like anthrax strain,
the Ames strain that came from a US bioweapons lab within our own country,
within our own government facilities.
Then they blame this guy called Steven Hatfill for years.
They blame this guy who worked with in the lab and it was like case closed.
They basically ruined this guy's fucking life.
They'd,
they made him a person of interest multiple times.
John Ashcroft came out there and he said,
this is a person of interest.
They never said what evidence they had against him years later after everyone
like just thinks that it's this guy.
It comes out that it's not this guy.
He had to settle with the u s government taxpayer funded settlement of like,
I don't know,
like $6 million for being falsely accused as the anthrax perpetrator for years
and years.
You know,
they're stalking this guy.
They're like threatening his family,
searching through his garbage,
makes him,
you know,
ruins his life essentially.
And uh,
and then next they blame this other guy named Bruce Ivan's.
Once again,
he had like,
there is no actual evidence that this guy did it.
So Bruce Ivins was just another guy who worked within it.
He was like a specialist and anthrax and they tried to pin it on him,
tried to threaten his hospitalized daughter,
briber searched as trash,
like stalked him for months and months.
And he was like,
um,
he was a toxicologist as well.
He ended up dying,
committing suicide by taking an overdose of Tylenol,
which is actually a really insane,
horrible way to die.
And it would toxify your liver to take like three days to die.
And that would be really awful for someone who is a toxicologist and like knows
how to kill yourself quickly.
Why would you kill yourself that way and then so that was the case close.
Right,
so so here we are with no actual proof that Bruce Evans really did the antiques.
All of his coworkers are like,
he didn't do it.
There is no proof.
He would never have done this.
He was helping the government.
The investigation here you have fast forward a couple of years.
The FBI agent in charge of the anthrax case,
this just came out a couple of weeks ago.
The FBI agent is now suing the government.
He's suing the FBI because he's saying you purposefully hid evidence that proved
that Bruce Ivins was not the perpetrator.
There's exculpatory evidence that shows that he was not,
I am assuming you guys are fucking up the investigation.
You put all these like low level interns to run this investigation and it was
totally botched from the get go.
Obama administration shut this down.
He shut down the case.
He said they didn't want to reopen the anthrax case.
Okay.
Best case scenario on the attacks
is that there's still a bio weapons terrorists running around free.
That's the best case scenario.
Worst case scenario is that the government is complicit and either way the
government's complicit because they are not investigating who the actual
perpetrators or wanting to find them.
So whoever did it is out there?
Yes.
Whoa.
Yep.
Yeah.
I have not looked into that at all.
It's almost like there's too much shit going on.
You can't pay attention to everything.
And if you do pay attention to it,
you can't keep paying attention to it's cause some new shit comes on.
Yeah.
But I mean this is huge.
This is the u s government being complicit in a bio terror attack.
We went to a duck control syllable,
Duncan Trussell and I went to the Center for Disease Control in Galveston,
the big lab that they have where they keep all the anthrax and all the Bolo
locked behind four foot thick concrete walls and bulletproof glass and everybody
were space suits.
It's fucking creepy.
It's so creepy.
And they're working on this stuff and trying to find cures for it.
I did this episode of that,
a Siphon show I did where we talked about Webinars,
web weaponized,
um,
diseases and viruses.
And I talked to a guy from the Soviet Union and talk to guys that used to run
the weapons division of the Soviet Union,
the weaponized disease version.
And they,
um,
they were telling me they had trenches of anthrax,
like trenches.
They had enough anthrax to kill the entire country or they just had why exactly.
I Dunno.
I don't understand it.
I mean,
I think during the Cold War when everything was really crazy,
I think there were just ramping it up.
Everybody was preparing for mutual self destruction.
I guess my biggest question about it is why,
why was there no,
like if the government had nothing to do with it,
why botched the investigation so hard?
Why hide evidence to just try to pin it on this guy?
Why was the Bush administration and press people on Cipro,
which is like a really,
um,
intense antibiotic for anthrax strain before the attacks even happen?
They were,
yeah.
And why give it to them?
Exactly.
These are all questions that I have that I've never been addressed.
And also why would the letters be sent to people who are opposing the Patriot
Act and also why would they frame Muslims in the letters like nothing about it
makes any sense at all.
Very strange.
Men Cherry strange.
John Ashcroft was a,
and still is a co Reebie motherfucker.
All of them are,
somebody sent me an a vinyl album of a John Ashcroft was,
Ashcroft was in some sort of a religious band when they were singing religious
music,
like some Christian band back in the day.
Yeah.
And He,
um,
he had a song.
Did you ever see the lift?
The Eagles soar?
Oh my God.
If you ever see it,
watch it,
watch it.
Let's watch it.
It's the idea that this maniac somehow or another got into office,
if you'd never seen it,
if you've seen the guy saying the bank of America
Song Guy was like super psyched to work for Bank of America,
ever seen the Bank of America zone.
It's equally maybe more creepy.
Um,
but the,
the Ashcroft least the Bank of American guys just working at a bank and Loves
Bank of America in some strange way.
It was.
Remember when John,
I've come to hid the titties and the Lady Justice Purple Drape.
Yeah,
he was a fucking cool.
Haley Bob comment style.
Like the cult,
the Purple Velvet.
So bizarre man.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear them.
We've heard Karl Rove wrapping right.
Um,
MC row when I'm what?
Yeah,
it's super weird.
Really?
Yeah.
No,
both of them.
Let's go and Ashcroft first.
Karl Rove wrapped.
It's disgusting pig on stage.
Just running around.
Do we have the video?
We need to see this.
Uh,
Ooh.
I get some like pharmaceutical
think tank.
Oh my God.
She's cried a bit or what?
We put her through.
Let him do this.
I didn't realize that he actually sang this night.
Oh yeah.
Guards suite for you.
Was the dance.
The watch fires of a nation torn by.
Whoa.
That we started.
She's far too young to die
in her eyes.
She's not yet begun to fly.
It's time to let the my is five minutes long.
So bad too.
It seems like he must've wrote it right.
Oh.
Oh,
horrible.
She's never saw before.
How was she different parody or no,
no,
no.
I want to know how her soaring this time was different than our other soaring.
How can she saw like she's never saw it before.
It's fucking soaring.
Okay Dude.
It's not like complex math.
She's just flying around.
She's a fucking bird.
I mean,
what is she doing so different?
You fuck let her sore like she's never sword before.
What did she do?
She getting crazy.
She's flying down like a two inches above the ground and the backup to the sky
and then down again.
She's sewing like she's never saw it before.
This bitch is crazy.
Geez,
that's a mentally ill person,
right?
That's what that is.
That's a person who has a mental illness.
First of all,
he's socially retarded.
He doesn't realize that this is a ridiculous thing that he's doing.
He doesn't realize how awful it is in terms of like the artistic value of his
work.
Unbelievably bad music.
And he's a fucking creep.
Wrapping it up all those things together.
God Damn.
So here's Carl Robb wrapping.
What is this?
This is radio
tells you the correspondent dinner that everyone goes to and it's like a giant
circle jerk.
Okay.
We just want to ask you some questions about,
uh,
w w people want to ask me question
under oath.
What do you like to do for fun when you're not working?
Besides fuck dude.
Skin babies have any hobbies like to go home in a gray only the non alcoholic
[inaudible] hollow Shank
here.
The tops off small animals X.
Yeah.
So better when they're topless and aren't thinking that what he said.
Tear the tops off.
Small animals.
[inaudible] heads off.
The thing is he's not joking the lambs,
isn't it?
This is like,
okay,
but you actually have any hobbies that you can,
I readily admit that I'm a practicing philatelist.
Oh,
practicing philatelist I do with stamps.
God,
I hope it stamps.
Goodness is so awkward in my mind.
Wasn't stamps.
It was a duty area.
Probably sound like douchebag journalists.
Whose life anyways?
What's that?
Or two guys from WHO's line?
Oh really?
Oh yeah.
Remember the letters or?
Yup.
Wow.
You might want to try the booze.
Hey.
Okay.
Here it goes.
Well they brought a black guy on stage for this.
What the fuck?
Wait.
See road is a heads off.
Well,
that's true,
but he's not a about animal cruelty.
He's a man.
He's a treasure troll.
But tell me,
what is your name?
I'm at zero.
That's right.
It can't be beat because he's so head to his feet,
but he will wrap it when you give him a chance,
look at him.
Move doing a rapid data.
That's true.
Peace.
It paints in resident.
He is the sidekick to the president.
Tow it.
This is just the comedian though,
right?
This is not even,
yeah.
I had a weird memory of him actually rapping.
I guess.
Maybe it does later.
He's so hideous.
They're really getting into it.
We get them dancing.
Tell me the black guy does not want any part of this.
Look at him.
He's like barely moving.
Totally made him come up there just because I know he realizes why he's up
there.
He's like,
I know why they brought me up here.
These fucks.
It's not Wayne Brady,
is it Wayne Brady was on who's line?
Is it anywhere?
But the contrast is not so good.
I hate to be racist,
but
we can't tell if it's Wayne Britain.
No,
it's not.
Wayne Brady.
How many Chins does Karl Rove?
Well,
it's just one sloping hold.
The skin cancerous tumor like Chan.
So painful.
Yeah.
Well he only rove,
right?
Yeah.
Wow.
Sorry to push
those Preston,
or is a strange,
those are really weird.
It's like the antithesis of what journalists should,
should be doing,
you know,
going in and like,
I don't even know,
just going into honoring politicians and,
and schmoozing with them and rubbing elbows with them.
It just strange
the get co opted,
right?
No.
Yeah.
Well they must like,
I remember when Dennis Miller said that he wouldn't make jokes about George Bush
and he's all,
she's my friend,
he gets a pass,
like,
gets a pass.
Like,
hi,
you're a fucking comic,
right?
Yeah.
And your comic,
and he's the president.
You got to,
you can't goof on them at all.
Well,
it's just like when Ed Eddie Murphy said he wasn't gonna make fun of Bill Cosby.
I think he just didn't want to do a sketch,
which is kind of understandable if you're Eddie Murphy,
especially because,
uh,
he's fucking,
he's,
he's talking about it while he's got his foot pushing,
pushing against his own closet,
you know,
trying to keep that pitch shot was skeleton fingers are poking at him.
And that's true.
I mean,
he's a guy who's been arrested with transvestites.
Right.
Maybe you might want to shut the fuck up about a scandal.
You know,
I'm here.
It just doesn't seem like a smart thing to do.
If you've got it,
a little dirt that you're trying to cover up your own self,
you might want to shut the fuck up.
Right.
The causeway thing was a very dark one though.
It just keeps it going.
Um,
I've worked at this place that told me that Cosby,
uh,
wanted to,
first of all,
they wanted people to watch him eat.
He wanted people to sit and watch him eat and he wanted the security guard to
tuck him into bed at night.
Like the security,
no,
not security guard at the casino.
They wanted him to tuck him into bed at night.
Like he has all these like bizarre demands that he wants people to do.
They,
they said that he was very strange.
They said he was very strange.
Like you got this weird feeling around him.
Like you never really,
there was no real connection with him.
It was entirely about you being in the presence of bill Cosby and a bunch of
stuff that you had to do in order to make Cosby happy.
And then,
you know,
he would leave and everybody would go like,
whoa.
Maybe about is that he could've fucked all these women,
I'm sure.
But he instead,
he wanted to rape that lifeless bodies.
He wanted to rape like a dead body alleged that's allegedly,
sorry.
Rather than,
you know,
when it goes,
when it comes to be 30 women,
when it's a hundred and then we could say,
you want to hear a really creepy story about Cosby.
So he interviewed this guy,
or this woman from AP,
interviewed him years ago before Hannibal Burress resurrected,
the serial rapist shit.
And the woman said he was super condescending and crazy and fucking nuts cause
he's bill Cosby and he thinks he's God and after the interview was over he was
like,
um,
I'm going to send you fruit to let you know what I thought of the interview.
He told this woman and she was like,
all right you fucking Weirdo.
Like just forgot about it.
So a couple of weeks later a AP AP gets a box for this woman.
Like he sent this to a news organization and it was directed to her and she
opened the box and it was just a dead dried up apple and it said like,
this is what I thought of the interview.
They'll Cosby
whoa.
What did she ask him about that was so upsetting and often,
no,
she probably just didn't treat him with reverence exactly like the king,
but also think about how long it takes to get an apple that's rotted.
He must've like sent an intern out and he was like,
go dig in the dumpster and find me a rotten apple.
That should take like months to Rod.
You can put an APP on your fridge for like six months and I won't,
rod
does a really good point.
Like he is fine mafia shit.
Yeah.
Instead of [inaudible].
I think that those guys that were around a long time ago like that,
those guys were like today almost anything you do get scrutinized and gets
criticized by not just the press but like say if you are a bill Cosby type
character,
like say like,
like Kevin Hart who's a huge famous comedian.
If he did a bunch of really creepy shit or set a bunch of really creepy shit,
people could talk about it on social media and they would,
it would start chitter chatter when you start get,
but back then you could kind of get away with doing anything and then the
publicist would just hush it up.
So I,
you know,
I don't,
I'm certainly not exonerating him.
I'm not making excuses for him,
but I wonder what the climate was like when he was famous in the 60s and the 70s
and the eighties like he was a giant,
huge fucking superstar.
And I wonder like how much enabling was going on,
how many people just would cover up for anything that happened and Ray Donovan,
like,
you know,
just go in and sweep up all your problems and if you're a creepy old guy that's
just not connected at all to regular people.
Yes.
I'm a regular person.
Like Richard Pryor and
him were like the two most famous black comedians in the first famous black
comedians in the world.
And he was,
he was a god at that time.
And definitely I think there's a conspiracy of silence and Hollywood when you
look at things like Jimmy Savile from the BBC,
he was just like straight up raping little little shelter and he was like
visiting hospitals.
He was like fucking ordained by the royal family to be like,
you know,
a lord or whatever.
And he's just treated like royalty.
And then you have Jian Ghomeshi in um,
the CBC in Canada,
the,
the radio host of queue.
Just like punch women randomly.
Yeah.
What does that guy's deal?
He would,
he would say that it was like bondage or play a Sam.
Yeah.
So this is,
this is,
I'm super fascinated with this because it just goes back to how these things are
able to happen for so long and why they're covered up.
And Jian Ghomeshi is a really interesting case cause he's like this,
you know,
attractive like kind of hipster looking guy who was like,
had like rape culture debates and like,
it's like a feminist and you know,
and like puts himself off as like,
this guy really cares about women's issues.
Super sensitive dude.
So then,
so then it came out that he just like would coerce these women who he met at
book events and like makes them feel special of course.
And then they,
he would go on a date with them and randomly just punch them in the face,
fucking sock him in the face.
Or like he would just like be hooking up with someone and then just like rape
them with his hand,
like rat,
like,
and they'd just be like,
what the fuck?
Like start strangling them,
just like rape them
and
has this bear that he would turn around and be like,
my bear,
you can't see this.
What?
Whoa,
whoa.
Many women had the same story.
Like he would have this stuffed animal bear and be like,
this,
my little bear can't see me.
Like why so far?
What if the bear had a camera on her or something?
Yeah,
dude,
it's all sick.
And that's the thing is how did no one know this?
And the thing is they did,
you're telling me that people at BBC didn't know that Jimmy Savile was like,
why were they bringing all these little kids and like,
you know what I mean?
It's just like,
don't tell me that you didn't know it was going on
Dusky case,
the Sandusky case where,
I mean everyone kind of knew that guy was a child rapist.
Everyone knew it was just this weird thing where no one was saying anything.
Everybody wanted to keep their job.
And he had reached this prominent position of power where it was almost,
you know,
no one knew what exactly to do.
That's fucking crazy because that guy is just a coach.
Did someone see him raping?
And then they're like,
oh,
I didn't see that one.
Yeah,
no,
he,
he reported it.
And I don't know exactly what happened,
but that's where the whole paternal Joe paternal thing,
and it's so awfully,
we're,
Joe Paterno was like a god in that state.
I mean,
he was the man at Penn state and when it all went down,
Joe Paternal got sick like really quickly afterwards and then died of cancer.
He was dead within two years.
He was dead quick after that.
I mean,
it must have been devastating to him as a person to realize like how horribly he
had fucked up and let this monster be amongst him for so long and not doing
anything about it.
Just full
pay that bill Cosby's alive to see these women and coming out because I really
do believe that he raped them.
And,
um,
I think it's great that,
you know,
unlike Jimmy Savile who's just dead and like no one,
he was just glorified until they died and then it comes out after that he's a
fucking pedophile.
Well,
the Savile thing is very strange too because there's this thing going on right
now in the UK where they're investigating all of these royals and these all
these politicians,
all these people that are involved in child pornography and child rape and
you're aware of all this stuff,
like what exactly is going on with that?
I don't know enough to really lay
it down,
but there is a lot of weird sex ring like child pornography and stuff going on
with with British royalty and also politicians.
It's really strange and I haven't really dug into it and Clinton's tied to it.
That was different.
One that was on Clinton was tied to this other guy needed spent time at this
guy's compound.
Yeah,
yeah.
This guy was getting child prostitutes and like underage prostitutes.
Fuck Man Sane.
It just shows you like this.
All this,
this culture of suppression,
like did John Ashcroft's the world Livie goes like that.
All that is like you're creating the diamond.
You know you're creating something.
This,
this weird culture of suppression that these people operate under by being this
fake thing,
this operating politician,
this operating president,
this operating game show host talk,
show,
host this,
you know,
whatever the thing is that you're pretending to be Joe Scarborough or all these
different characters.
[inaudible]
murderer.
Yeah,
they're not themselves.
Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby,
who was always Mr Clean.
My is that famous bit that Eddie Murphy did about bill Cosby calling him up and
tell him to stop swearing and Richard Price and do the people laugh.
Do you get paid?
Tell bill to have a coke and a smile and shut the fuck up.
And that is a real incident there.
Those bill Cosby used to call comedians.
He did it to Chris Rock.
He would tell them to steal your pants up.
Black people come on,
stop.
Right?
Yeah.
Just stop raping people and,
and drugging them too.
Don't even drug them.
Don't rape a more dry either or I'd still drug them and I'll just jerk off on
them.
No,
that's still kinda read fucking asshole said Dude.
What?
It's also what kind of a person jets,
what kind of a person sees a naked person like completely and just can do that
can just what?
Necrophilia fuck.
I don't know man.
What the fuck man,
that's so crazy about it.
I would love to have somebody took bill Cosby and gave him like Ibogaine or
some,
you know,
some sort of psychedelic and made him talk about it.
I've always said that if someone actually wants to do like functional terrorism,
they should just dose the punch bowl at the White House correspondence dinner
with acid.
I mean that would be like a really good strategy if you were to,
if you wanted to fuck with the establishment,
Dorsey,
Matt,
than I would ever to suggesting that even it's just a theoretical theoretical
lived in a different dimension and the same human beings existed in that
dimension.
It'd be interesting to see what would take place.
Then again,
here's DC,
which overwhelmingly passed marijuana legalization.
So why is everyone such douche still if everyone smokes weed?
I guess the people though,
that's not the politician.
So how about this fucking Chris Christie,
fuck this fat slob.
What happened.
He said that if he becomes president will actively
go after all the states that have legalized marijuana and he would put a stop to
it and he cites something about the east side,
some nonsense about addiction addiction,
which is what difference does addiction mean if no one's dying,
you dumb ass.
Like you know what?
People die from being fat as fuck.
Right?
Okay.
Your fat as fuck.
Right?
300,000 people die in this country as a direct result of obesity every year.
It's like right below cigarettes and this guy is talking about,
I mean you want to talk about the kettle calling the pot black like,
dude,
look at yourself.
You are a walking poster boy for American excess.
People that are starving in other countries can look upon you when you are a
symbol of American greed,
crackdown and not permit legal marijuana is present.
Well guess what fucker?
That's why you'll never be president when you guys are shy and percentage of
America that believes in personal freedom,
especially when it comes to something as innocuous as marijuana.
When you can die from fucking Tylenol.
Like you just said,
you can be a Goddamn toxicologist and die from Tylenol.
No one's ever died from pot.
A lot of people,
these people are just going against the current,
the gay marriage thing and marijuana.
It's like,
dude,
you guys are fighting a losing battle.
Like what are you doing?
This is not where the fight needs to be.
Dude,
look up Jared Polis and the d a,
I forget her name,
but it is one of the best clips I've ever seen because it shows you how you've
seen that,
right?
Where she's just like,
yeah,
he's like as crack,
more damaging than marijuana.
And she's like,
yeah,
this is amazing.
Okay.
Yeah,
play this or a person than marijuana.
Okay.
I believe all alone,
all over on our bed.
Is Methamphetamine worse for somebody's health and marijuana?
I don't think any illegal drugs.
Heroin,
a worse,
uh,
for someone's health and marijuana
again.
Oh No,
I don't know.
You don't know.
Uh,
you can look this up.
You should know this is the chief administrator for the Drug Enforcement Agency.
I'm asking you a very straight forward question.
Is heroin worse for someone's health than marijuana?
All illegal drugs are are bad.
Unbelievable.
One causes an addiction.
Okay.
It causes,
okay.
You probably can send that hard to Michelle Leonhard Drug Enforcement
Administration.
What you're
telling me that administrator,
I think you're asking is the objective
just looking at the science.
This is your,
what is it?
Schedule One.
Yup.
Layperson schedule one.
Right.
Some of the studies and aware of it,
I'm just asking you as an expert in the subject area is a heroine where
someone's helping write expert in the subject area.
I man's me as a police officer and oh wow.
Yay.
Agent.
That these drugs are illegal because
they are dangerous because they are addictive because it seems like she's stoned
on like pose right now.
Probably a little Xanax.
Just deal with the grilling come Jolie's the properties of heroin.
Yes.
More addictive.
Methamphetamine.
More addictive than marijuana.
Well,
both.
They're addictive.
Yeah.
What is is that's not true?
No.
Are highly addictive than marijuana.
See the thing that she can,
because then she can't justify the classification.
I mean,
yeah,
so she has,
she's stuck.
The marijuana is no more addictive than playing video games.
I mean,
it's,
it's an addiction in terms of your,
you decide that you needed in your life,
just like kick a person can be addictive.
Right.
But it says no physical properties that are addicted unless you have some really
weird biology,
but did some very rare person,
like the type of person that would be allergic to sunflowers.
Yeah.
You know,
there's,
there's weird things out there biologically,
but the average person that just shows you this is a criminal organization
that's in charge of pretending to be looking after the people,
but really just in Joe in charge of keeping things as usual,
just keeping policy as usual moving forward the same way.
And that's what that woman's doing.
Yeah.
Even the DOJ,
it's not even just Chris Christie.
The DOJ has basically gone rogue and said that there's still going to prosecute
individual marijuana users and you're like,
dude,
what are you talking about?
In states that have legalized it?
Like they're actually saying that they're going to overstep state law.
I don't understand why people are focusing on something that makes life better,
but well,
because they get pressure,
right?
They get pressure from three big factions.
One prison guard unions,
a privatized prisons and Pharma of pharmaceutical companies.
Those are three big pressure organizations that prison guards and and per
private prisons,
there's a lot of money involved in keeping people in jail.
There's a,
they have a vested interest in continuing to rest the same amount of people or
more people every year because whenever you make a business,
businesses don't like to stay static.
They like growth.
They like more business.
And when you have a business that's for profit,
like a prison business,
their business like what they're involved in is locking people in jail.
They would like to lock more people in jail.
That's how they make more money.
You know?
Um,
fucking chocolate bars,
Hershey selling chocolate bars.
They don't want to sell the same amount of chocolate bars next year.
They want to sell more.
They want to look,
we've got a new ad campaign to get people involved with chocolate.
We've got some new chocolates.
We got a little chocolate guy that waves to ya and he's going to get you to buy
more chocolate.
You know,
that's what businesses do.
That's the natural function of a capitalistic business.
You want to make more money every year.
Well,
guess what?
That's the same thing when it comes to the industry of locking people up for
drugs.
They want to keep locking people up.
If they made x amount of money this year,
they want to make wine next year and that's just what they do.
It's just,
it's
a part of being a part of a business.
No matter where your apple computer or whether you're fucking,
you sell legal paper or whether you,
whatever you sell,
you want to sell more.
Do you want to make more money?
That's the problem.
And I know that you're,
you're going to disagree with this,
but that's the problem with capitalism.
Is this planned obsolescence in order to make more money?
Like for example,
the fact that I'm going to disagree because I,
because you're all about you.
I've heard you talk about,
um,
how,
you know,
capitalism encourages competition,
which it does,
but at the same time,
if it encouraged sustainability and competitive advantages in terms of like how
to be sustainable,
which it does not,
that's the problem.
I just wish that people gave a shit about making things like harmonious with how
the earth functions instead of just like sucking up all this shit and just,
I completely name with you,
but saying it does not,
is he's looking at it in a very blanket way.
Capitalism is just the way we do business,
but you can certainly have ethical capitalism.
Capitalism doesn't have to be pushed to the nth degree to where all out profit
is the only motivation at the expense of the environment,
of the expense of the people,
the expensive laws.
It doesn't have to be that way.
I don't believe that.
I think that we've decided has to be that way because of this competitive nature
that people have where they put the number of the score above and beyond
everything else.
But it doesn't have to be that way and Marxism doesn't have to turn into the
communism structures that we've seen,
you know,
fail.
I mean that's all philosophical.
It's like people who say that voluntaryism is,
is the ideal society sounds great and conscious capitalism sounds great too,
but I don't see how we can just turn it into a conscious functioning system that
works with you.
Like planet people will demand it.
People have to demand it and they have to,
they have to vote with their dollars.
They have to demand only ethical companies.
They have to demand that they only support companies with their money that are
involved in an ethical,
sustainable business.
And if you don't do that,
then we're not interested in spending money on you.
And how many people have to die,
like look at seat belts in cars.
I mean,
if,
if Ralph Nader never tried to,
it never forced the government to actually make that a mandate.
How many tens of thousands more people would've died until the market quote
unquote corrected itself,
where people force pressure and just didn't buy from the cards that weren't
putting seatbelts in.
Well.
That's interesting.
That's an interesting way to put it because motorcycles are still illegal.
You know,
there's a lot of stuff that's legal that's way more dangerous.
If you really think about all the activities that people were involved in where
they voluntarily put themselves in harm's way.
Seatbelts,
I certainly use them.
I think they're important.
I think all safety measures,
whether it's air bags or you know,
they should certainly be encouraged,
but I think that people would have naturally lean towards them if they found out
the other,
they were safer.
I think the competition involved in creating cars that are more safe and that
are provably more,
more safe for the passengers,
that that would have helped in the long run.
Them sell more cars and it would have like encourage other companies to do the
same thing,
then tons more people would've died.
You mean if Ralph Nader didn't step up as a consumer advocate?
No,
I'm not.
I'm not arguing against consumer advocacy.
I think what Ralph Nader's done,
not just with seat belts,
were a lot of things.
It's like super important.
You have to have someone that's looking at,
but that's also a different era back then.
A much less transparent error where the age of information hadn't really been
established like it is today.
But the problem with today is you have such a saturation of information and you
have these multibillion dollar companies that aren't conscious capitalists,
you know,
that are just all about the bottom line and maximizing that shit chasing,
the,
the port,
you know,
in Bangladesh,
let's say,
just like chasing wherever the dollar's stronger and bigger for them.
They saturate the information,
airwave so much to put out so much disinformation and propaganda that it makes
it way harder for people to sort through and understand what's an ethical
company,
what's a moral company.
And then also the monopolization of these industries makes it that much harder.
Like let's say I,
Comcast is like the monolith that where I live.
Like I don't even have a fucking choice anymore.
Um,
so even though I hate Comcast,
it's like that's,
that's your only option because they've swallowed up all of the other options in
the area.
And I think that that's another huge problem.
So even though you might want to be a conscious consumer and buy from like
ethical companies,
it's really fucking hard because everyone,
you can't be a big corporation and not have bloody hands somewhere.
No,
I think there's,
there's certainly a point to that.
I think the Internet is starting to dissolve a lot of these monopolies and I
think things like Comcast controlling vast majorities of the,
you know the cable business and I think that's slowly going to get eaten up by
various Internet companies and you start seeing things like what does it HBO go
that was called Hbo now,
Hbo go now.
All those things where you're seeing these traditional cable channels that are
now available on the Internet.
What Netflix is doing with all these Netflix now has all sorts of new programs
that they're creating themselves.
House of cards,
a bunch of different ones.
The jail one orange is the new black,
there's like critically acclaimed shows they're creating in house and I think
that having just a connection to the Internet is going to be the new cable and
then it's going to be about monopolizing internet connections and how long are
people going to tolerate that?
I mean that's,
that's the real,
the real portal right now I think is the Internet and I think that's the real
porterfil portal for information as well.
I think that all these cable companies that are producing new shows,
whether it's CNN or CNBC and like that antiquated format of delivering the news,
like that shit is not going to fly.
You're entering into a new age this age.
If people aren't going to tolerate this old school lead bullshit that you're
doing this weird wearing a tie,
talking like a robot,
like that stuff is
out the window.
And I think the age of information that we're involved in right now,
all of us,
whether we realize it or not,
w this is like one of the craziest times in human history and people were aware
of more things than they've ever been before.
And I think that the people that are involved,
even in these corporations that are involved in these unethical activities and
monopolization of resources and just control over foreign governments and all
the different shit,
all that stuff is that's got,
it's got a time to it.
It doesn't have much time left.
Well,
every empire is going to fall.
Uh,
and especially when you have one is arrogant,
you know,
as ours,
it's,
it's just a matter of time before that happens.
So they gotta get their shit together and unless if we want to survive,
um,
and you look at what's going on right now.
I mean,
look at the political dynasties that might be running for President Jeb Bush and
Hillary Clinton.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Like running right,
right.
They're both right now.
Rand Paul,
the guy who tried to get my press credentials stripped,
why don't you try to get your press credentials to,
when I first moved to DC,
I confronted rand Paul with my friend Luke and um,
I had uh,
we were going to a public press event.
We had passes,
I was in the halls of Congress and he just started walking toward me in the
hallway and I was like,
oh well shit,
let's ask Rand Paul the question right now since he's right here.
So I asked him why endorsement Romney Cause Mitt Romney's is a psychotic
warmonger and that's the way you said it.
I said,
why didn't your endorsement Romney,
a lot of people who are followers of yours have questions because you know,
he's the opposite of what you claim to be in terms of foreign ballsy.
And Rand Paul just put his head down and kept walking and that was it.
A week later the video goes viral and I walk into our t,
this is when I first moved to DC,
walked into our t and they were like,
why is the Capitol police threatening to come and arrest you?
And Strip you of your press credentials.
And I was like,
I don't know.
And they were like,
what did you do to Rand Paul there?
They're talking about charging you with harassment and stalking.
And I said,
have them come and arrest me.
This is great.
Film it.
I was like,
we're at a fucking TV station if ran.
Paul wants to arrest me for asking him a question.
That's fantastic.
Let's film it,
let's do it.
So it turned out to be all empty threats.
But the guy who runs the capitol like media center told me that he wanted me to
come in for a meeting and nothing was in writing because he knew like he knew
that it was all empty.
So I was really nervous.
I was like,
should I get a lawyer?
Like let's,
I was like,
let's come up with a story.
This is a huge story,
but I'm so they were like,
no,
just see what he wants to say.
Like don't get a lawyer yet.
Go and meet this guy.
So I went and met this guy and like an interrogation room in the Capitol
building with all of the bureau chiefs of all of the major media organizations
in this room.
And I sit down with them and I was like,
what in the hell is going on?
Like why am I here but what is happening?
And the guy was like,
look,
how did you get in here?
Like how did,
how did you sneak Lucan and I was like,
we didn't sneak in.
We,
it was a public event,
we have press credentials.
And he was like,
look,
we have worked for decades to get the access that we do to these politicians.
And he was like,
we cannot have people like you coming in here and fucking up that access.
And so many words.
It was very like house of cards style shit
where they're basically saying,
we have worked to get this special access like this.
And it's all like preordained,
you know,
it's all predetermined.
You probably have everything vetted.
You go and they all know you,
you know,
and they don't want people coming up and fucking that up.
So they don't want anybody asking real questions.
They don't want anybody asking uncomfortable questions that would get these
politicians to pull back and restrict access.
So they're saying you're not playing the game.
That's what they say.
You don't know the game we've been,
we've said this game up for 20 years.
Abby Martin fucker coming in here and ruining our thing by asking them real
questions.
It was great.
Had questions that we've all been approved.
Right.
Exact softball questions.
Wow.
Yeah,
it was a bizarre like [inaudible] wakening.
How'd you in that car?
How long did the conversation?
It was like,
it was like a 30 minute conversation and after I left the office I like taped it
all on my phone cause I couldn't believe that it actually happened and I wanted,
no,
it's on my old phone.
I think it's on my computer and I was just like,
this just happened because it just seems so fake.
And it ended with the guy,
I think his name is Mike and he was like,
I'll let you know like what the final charges are going to be for you charges.
And I was like asking a question.
We did exactly.
He didn't touch him.
No.
So how the fuck could they charge you with anything?
It was totally insane.
And,
and,
and when I came up with this Guy Mike,
who exactly,
what is his name?
I don't know his last name.
You fuckhead.
But what's crazy is all the people who will defend rand Paul to me still cause
they like Ron Paul and look,
I voted for Ron Paul in 2008 I,
I like him.
I agreed with a lot of his stance on foreign policy and civil liberties and I
just ran.
Paul is not his father.
Right.
Is it possible that he didn't,
I mean just given this particular circumstance,
is it possible that he didn't have anything to do with that and he just send it
directly from him?
I got that confirmed that he made the complaint and had them come after me.
Oh.
So he said,
I want you to strip their credentials or something along those lines.
What a Dick.
Yeah,
brand you'd brand.
It's like,
dude,
out of all people who rand really come on son is very strange,
but the Hillary Clinton thing is just so fucked up because you have a Bush and
Clinton.
I got white people supported Obama.
I don't understand how anyone can support Hillary.
I really don't.
They're happy to have a chicken there and so next time or we just going to have
a gay person.
Yeah,
because this is bull Shavel gay people.
Then we can slide in evil gave me more super into war.
Is there any out there?
There must be.
I mean is this just,
it has this just term turn into just pure symbolism.
So we're going to have the first black guy and then the woman and then a gay
person and then that's it.
Well then we'll have to go back to straight evil.
Right?
I don't know.
I mean it doesn't make any sense at all to have this system that we have in
place.
Right.
It doesn't make sense.
Any,
anyone who's a strict Democrat,
like I had a conversation once with a friend and he was talking about Democrats
versus Republicans in a,
in an electrician and he kept using the term we,
you know,
we got to win this and we got to win that.
And I'm like,
wait,
wait.
I go,
you're,
you're talking like you're talking about the red sox man,
right?
I mean you're talking about like getting ready for the world series.
Like you're,
you're talking like a team person.
These are politicians,
man.
You know who they work for fucking corporations.
They don't work for you.
This is a dog and pony show and you're completely committed to it.
We got to get rid of it.
We've got to get rid of that.
It's got to be who has the best ideas.
It came,
the,
the party system has failed us for so long that we're just invested in having
the best version of this failed,
fucked up party governess.
I mean,
it's a terrible version of what could be the governing principles of the
greatest nation the world has ever known.
And I don't think any other country has this kind of absurd show,
multibillion dollar show where it's like a Hollywood extravaganza,
you know,
and it gets worse every year and last year they spent over a billion dollars
each and I can they really country that has the same last terrain.
Yeah.
Sorry,
I just can't and it is a complete facade and the fact that you need millions of
dollars to even get on the ballot almost,
and maybe not millions,
but I mean you need a substantial amount of money to get even on the ballot in
every state.
And then to get into debates,
it's completely impossible because it's all run by like the oil and gas.
Like all these corporations fund the presidential debate systems on our
commission for presidential debates and privately funded institution.
You Go,
yeah.
And so you can't get on it.
Well they used to use to be able to get on it with a small percentage of the
popular vote in certain certain elections.
But you can't,
you can't do that anymore because of our good friend Ross Perot,
Ross Perot fuck things up back in the old days.
Because this guy,
if you guys aren't aware of Ross Perot or where you weren't alive back when this
was going on,
it was a very unique moment in human history because this guy who was worth
billions of dollars just said,
fuck it.
I am.
This is pre-internet.
Skye said,
fuck it.
I'm going to buy a half an hour of time on ABC during primetime or NBC.
I don't remember what network it was.
And I am going to show everyone what's fucked up about the tax system and show
everyone what's fucked up about the Federal Reserve.
And I'm going to talk about what kind of changes I would make files president.
And everybody was like,
look at this guy.
And he was out.
He was able to debate with these guys because during the primaries he had gotten
whatever number of the popular vote you were,
you knew you needed to get in order to be involved.
So they changed it and they jacked it up much higher.
Now,
I forget what the percentage is,
but it's virtually impossible for any third party candidate,
which is why,
you know,
everybody looked at,
um,
at Ron Paul and saying,
well,
Ron Paul's is wild independent.
Ember actually he's a Republican,
right?
I mean,
you call him a wild independent in terms of,
a lot of his ideas are very controversial and unique,
but he's not an independent,
he's Republican.
Because if he wasn't independent,
he would have never been in those fucking debates there.
There's no,
no independence
are ever going to get to that point where they're like,
there's three candidates being considered for the,
the,
the number one position in the country.
And one of them is completely untethered to the system.
It's not going to happen.
And it's all like this political and intellectual bribery on so many levels
because first it goes to the supreme court.
I mean,
we're basically have a monarchy running this country that our supreme court
justices have more power than like the fucking queen of England.
Um,
so they have the,
they're the final arbitrator on so many different things that are really life
and death shit here.
And they,
it's basically turned into like,
well,
do you want like a crazy neo-con to pick the next Supreme Court justice?
And it's like,
that's what we've come down to.
Like that's what it's all degenerated it down to is just who's going to pick a
supreme court does,
is if someone dies,
I mean,
no fuck that.
I'm not going to capitulate my moral compass to vote for a war criminal Hillary
Clinton as a war criminal.
I'm sorry.
And I,
because she has voted for,
first of all,
let's just look at the Iraq war vote killed 2 million people in Iraq.
New figures just came out that said that 2 million people have died in Iraq and
Afghanistan since 2003 not even to mention the million.
That'd be babies who died from sanctions in the 90s.
Aside from that,
Hillary Clinton,
uh,
Gaddafi,
Libya,
Syria,
she wants to bomb me,
ran.
I mean she is the worst.
If Obama Room,
you look at someone who did a report,
I think it was in the New York Times,
kind of an embedded report in the national security to cabinet.
And they said that she is on par,
if not worse than John Mccain of all of her war hawkish ideals in terms of
foreign policy.
It is scary shit man.
So as much as people want to pretend like she's like this liberal do gooder,
I'm most concerned about any of imperialism militarism,
and you know us had Gemini,
so I'm not going to be voting for Hillary Clinton because she's a fucking woman.
I don't give a shit if someone's a woman,
if they're black,
if they're gay,
if they are perpetuating war crimes and killing innocent people.
I know.
Going back to what you said,
it's hard to be a president and not have someone's death on your hands,
but fucking a,
you don't have to just sign up to kill millions of people on a fake war against
nonexistent threat.
I wonder what motivates someone like Hillary Clinton at this stage of gold
money.
You should look at who funds her campaign.
It is unbelievable.
The Clinton Foundation,
dude,
check this out.
The Clinton Foundation,
not only,
you know,
like all these giant corporations and banks.
The real creepy part is when you see Saudi and Gulf states actually giving her
tens of millions of dollars over the years.
That should is scary.
Saudi Arabia basically as bribed so many politicians,
Harvard,
Oxford,
like all of these institutions to get Saudi money.
And then you start to understand the culture of silence around Saudi Arabia and
why we have this double standard,
this egregious double standard and the war on terror and this unholy partnership
with this country.
Now we're bombing Yemen together,
bombing Yemen together,
Saudi Arabia and the US bombing the shit out of Yemen,
the poorest country in the entire Arab world.
What,
what good is that going to do?
How is that going to exacerbate the problems they're bombing the poorest country
in the Middle East?
What is the motivation?
So Saudi Arabia doesn't want the Houthi rebels because they threatened Saudi
Arabia.
So Saudi Arabia,
like back to cu,
um,
and supported a puppet regime in Yemen a while back.
And Yemen is just kind of a thorn in Saudi Arabia's side.
What do we get out of bombing Yemen,
bribery,
political bribery,
and had Gemini and dom domination,
regional influence.
Um,
and,
and plus Saudi Arabia wants us to,
but when you look at the coalition that's actually bombing Yemen,
it's like brutal,
oppressive monarchies and like genocidal dictators like Sudan dictator.
And then you have like,
I think Egypt,
Bahrain and Saudi Arabia and a couple other countries.
It's like,
wow,
great job.
Great job.
Why is the US supporting bombing Yemen?
And on a side note,
the u s has been bombing Yemen with drones for years anyway.
Um,
and then you keep hearing on the news that Iran is backing the Houthi rebels in
Yemen and that's why we need to go in and destroy them.
But I talked to this guy who's like an expert and he's,
and he's Saudi and he runs this institute.
Everyone check out the podcast on media roots.
It's a really,
really mind blowing shit cause he just breaks down really what is happening on
the ground.
And he says,
look,
Iran is not backing who these any more than Saudi Arabia is backing isis.
Like all of these things have,
um,
influence and yeah,
the money's filtered down,
but it's such a double standard.
If we're going to say Ron's backing who the rebels and we need to say that Isis
is funded by Saudi Arabians,
so as al Qaeda,
because for a large part it is,
that is the double standard.
And Saudi Arabia is a bizarre,
it's bizarre and creepy.
It's unbelievably insane.
Saudi Arabia is Orthodox,
like they are the worst interpretation of Islam that exists.
So Wahhabi Islam,
it's the most Orthodox,
oppressive,
bastardized version of Islam.
And they,
we look at them and say like this is the only good Arab state.
Like that is fucked because not only are you telling the rest of the world that
that version of Islam is somehow good,
but you're also making it seem like,
um,
yeah.
I mean it's just unbelievable.
You should see what kind of rights women has in the country.
They can't exercise,
they can't play sports.
You wouldn't be able to tell it cause their,
cause they're covered and they're not allowed to exercise.
Yeah.
That's what this guy was telling me,
and I'm not allowed to fight back.
Well,
first of all,
they their property.
So women can't do anything without a male master like approval of a males that
they can't go to school.
They can't go to work,
they can't drive.
They can't do a lot of things without having like a mail permit like permitting.
How many people live over there?
I don't know.
They also do like public beheadings in the middle of freeways.
They'll be heading,
they'll do public floggings of someone who simply criticized that king online.
They'll be head women for adultery,
sorcery.
This is the shit that we're talking sorcery,
sorcery,
some checks.
Ken's cast a spell though.
You gotta be careful.
Don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water.
There might be a little sorcery going on.
They got to put a stop to,
can't drive.
Can't exercise.
Fuck that.
Escape either.
No.
Oh and,
and you know,
King Abdulla when he died,
everyone was saying he was this great reformer.
The Pentagon even like did an essay contest honoring King Abdullah giving out
prizes for people.
Like that's how insanely twisted his whole scenario is.
Meanwhile,
of course,
the 28 pages movement that shows it,
Saudi Arabia was involved in nine 11.
We're actively carrying up that,
um,
Bandar Bush was,
which was a Saudi in the Saudi government and they actually called him a Bush
because he was so close to the Bush administration and he,
I mean Bob Graham,
Senator Bob Graham has come out and said,
why did Bandar Bush like,
why are we protecting Saudis who were involved in the nine 11 attacks?
I mean,
straight up everyone asks yourself that.
If you can give me a good answer,
that would be great.
If it's not about political bribery,
what the fuck is it about?
If it's not about like paying off these politicians with tens of millions of
dollars,
I don't know.
What else could it be about if you really stopped them?
What else could it be about except having an ally in quotes in the Middle East.
What other
worst ally to have if you really cared about stopping terrorism?
Saudi Arabia is the biggest exporter of terror.
Hobby terrorism,
our dairy.
What are you saying?
It's unbelievable.
Ron Allies aren't clean bone.
Well,
yeah.
Yeah.
That is pretty fucked.
What I was getting when we would start us all off was I was trying to figure out
what would be the motivation of Hillary Clinton at this stage of her life.
Like,
well,
how much money does she need?
How much does she have and how much does she need?
Hillary's two point $5 billion.
I've obscene fundraising goal.
That's her goal in order to become president.
You were,
I remember a,
um,
an article came out that said that her,
uh,
she had like a student discount on the speaking tours that she was giving and it
was like $250,000 was like a speaking fee at a university and that was the
student
discount,
$250,000 to speak.
What is she going to say?
What is she going to fucking say?
Well,
when bill got blown by Monica Lewinsky,
I was super bummed out.
We smoked a victory cigar too,
but I knew that one day I want to be president and so I let it slide.
Yeah.
What?
Huh?
Hillary Clinton is the worst man.
She's the fucking worst.
And you know,
the whole,
the whole Saudi Arabia thing really grinds my gears because it's,
you know,
here you have Saudi Arabia beheading people for sorcery x supporting terrorism
around the world.
And then you have Cuba,
which today,
you know for,
here we go.
56 years after the Cold War,
Cuba finally got removed from the state sponsors of terrorism list.
Yeah,
you bought a cheap cigars.
Now they're sweet state sponsors of terrorism.
That's what Cuba was,
was on for decades and decades for no fucking reason.
Not even North Korea is on the list.
Really Weird.
We're so weird.
I just,
I just feel like we just seem to hang in there.
Hang in there too.
All this become so obscene and ridiculous that they're forced to change,
but probably not going to be in 2016 it's probably not going to be this.
Go around.
There's just no,
there's no good choice there between Jeb Bush who's just the creepiest and
Hillary and then ran Paul,
who now I hate you rent.
It's,
it's,
it's really happy.
Even Bernie,
even Bernie Sanders,
you know it's bad when it's sitting congressman or senator had like comes out
and is like,
we need a massive political revolution,
like a massive grassroots revolution.
We certainly,
Congress will.
We certainly did it.
Amazing.
Yeah,
and these Chris Christie types who I think he realizes he'll never be president
anyway,
which is one of the reasons why he's saying those things.
In order to keep the coalition or whatever he's established with whatever powers
that be that are trying to keep marijuana illegal in New Jersey.
He's somehow or another in bed with those fucks and that's what he's doing.
He's serving them with that speech.
She doesn't really think he's going to be president.
He knows that the shit that he did by blocking the bridge and all of the various
scandals that he's involved with the bridge gate thing,
that was so ridiculous.
He's just come back.
You know,
he's a New Jersey's come back and plus he's fat.
You can't be that fat and be president and people who grew your food shaming a
woman,
not fat being like in his position.
Hilarious.
That's hilarious.
You can't look it if you're that obese,
it shows you have no respect for your body.
I don't care what anybody says about metabolism and all this nonsense talk,
whoa,
motions,
stop,
stop.
You're a fucking grown adult.
If you want to be a leader,
you're a leader.
How can you be a leader when you have such poor respect for your very biology?
Your very body is all a wash in shitty food.
You have made terrible choices with your diet and with how you present yourself.
You're presenting this disgusting Slob and Lee Lazy thing that you,
that's your meat wagon.
That's your what you're walking around in.
You know,
if you went over someone's house and there was stacks of old newspapers and cat
shit all over the floor,
you'd be like,
oh,
this person's a fucking nut.
That's the same thing when you see a morbidly obese person as suit that wants to
run America like you've got other problems.
Do you need to start eating vegetables?
You Fuck?
You need to start drinking water or whatever you're doing to your body is not
good,
and getting your stomach stapled or whatever.
The crazy fucking procedure that just shows me you can't even deal with it on
your own.
You've got to do,
that's not a leader.
And I'm not talking about the average person who has emotional issues,
whatever that causes you to overeat.
And you know,
I hope everybody listens to in an exact that under Sjogren's.
I mean it's that under wraps,
whoever you are.
But when you're,
when you're stepping up and saying,
I want to be a leader,
I want to be a leader of the country,
the entire country.
You can't be fat.
You just can't.
I mean,
not saying you have to be like super fit,
but you can't be morbidly obese.
That guy's morbidly obese.
Yeah,
he's,
he's pretty on fire.
Just big waddling fucking thighs rubbing together,
gut overflowing over his belt,
pulling it up and just be not Joey asshole fat shaming.
Fat Shaming is a hilarious thing because you know what?
We're not talking about shaming someone who has a congenital disease or some
disfigurement because of an accident.
You're talking about slovenly behavior.
You're stuffing your body with way more food than,
and did you do not have mirrors?
Do not have a scale in your fucking house.
Do you not see yourself being like,
man,
I probably am unhealthy as fuck right now and I'm still eating.
What's that all about?
Right.
Sitting there with a Napkin.
Talk through your third
bitten and the big fucking fat fork fulls of food and your greedy ass hole,
mouth fat shaming,
but that's no lists.
This is a reason to mock fat people like that.
There's a Chris Christie,
you're trying to be a leader and you have a horrible,
like real obvious poor judgment when it comes to your health.
No,
no,
you can't.
No,
you can't by the way,
can't shoot heroin and be present either asshole if I catch you in your fucking
office with a big rubber band around your buys,
having your fucking banging at lunch.
Yeah,
exactly.
But that's what they say about everything.
Everything is a goddamn disease,
right?
I have,
did you see that video of the police car that's just came out last night?
Just going full speed into it,
dude.
Like who just robbed a store and just like,
yeah dude,
check this out.
It is unreal.
Ray and I were watching this as we were like,
what the fuck?
You're like,
I've got this theory that I've been throwing around a lot lately.
I don't think anybody should be a cop.
I don't think anybody is qualified.
I really don't.
I don't think anybody is qualified to be a cop.
I don't think anybody is qualified to be president cop.
Especially though I think that job requires so much self control.
You mean you almost have to be like a monk.
You almost have to be some enlightened being who's separate from the pressure
that the average person's going to receive the PTSD by going into how many
domestic violence situations do you have to go into and watch,
you know,
men and women who have killed each other in these horrible love triangles or
robberies or you know,
fill in the blank rapes or you know,
how many times do you have to see these horrible things before your brain is
just broken?
I mean,
how many times you have to just think that everyone is out to get you everywhere
you go because you've had guys,
you know,
try to grab your gun or you've had,
prisoners try to punch you as you're trying to put the handcuffs on me.
I think those guys are broken.
I think I've met a lot of them and I know a lot of them.
They're good people and I think they do the best job they can.
But I honestly think that it is,
we're asking for someone to do something that the human body is not designed for
to be the professional enemy and also the professional power.
Like you have massive power as a cop.
And I don't think the average person is qualified to wield that kind of power.
The psychological ramifications of being a person who can end someone's life
with your finger anytime you want by squeezing some small muscles and your
finger.
It's insane when you see that guy and that guy's running in South Carolina,
that guy's running.
Yeah.
And that guy pulls that gun out and he's shooting him as he runs.
What the fuck has to go through your mind where you're seeing a middle aged guy
running away from you and you're shooting him in the back.
A lot of people want the kill.
It's like the military.
Um,
and,
and I talked to this guy,
Ray Lewis,
a former captain of the Philadelphia police force and he said that they
purposefully vet sociopathic and people lacking empathy for the job.
And if you're too intelligent,
they actually don't want you to be a cop.
No,
I've seen guys who have high Iq is actually getting turned down.
There was a story about that this guy had some genius Iq and they turned him
down for the police force.
Maybe cause you,
they don't want you to overthink and they just want you to like react quickly
tal areas,
um,
as if your brain works too.
Good.
You're going to overthink.
I,
yeah,
I think that cop should,
um,
I,
I liked the idea and I've posited this before of,
of disarming police,
not the society,
not taking away guns from people,
but taking away guns from cops until they can understand how to properly use
them.
Um,
there's other countries that have many guns per capita,
like some European countries and I,
and I forget what I want.
I want to say Norway.
Um,
they have guns,
they have a shitload of guns,
but they're cops don't,
um,
Iceland for example,
their police do have guns,
but they don't ever use them.
A cop,
I think killed one guy in the whole country.
Mourned.
It was like the first time that had happened since the existence of Iceland,
like since the revolution.
Well,
here's the craziest statistic.
Cops in America have killed more people in March of this year.
Then since 1900 in England [inaudible]
and it shouldn't,
in England there's been like acts wielders like people running out the axes and
it shows how cops can peacefully disarm them instead of just executing people.
Yeah.
It's a serious problem here.
It's definitely a serious problem and it's not just a problem with standard
police officers.
It's a problem with the DEA and anybody who's seen those DEA raids where they
kick in doors and shoot little dogs like fucking Shitzu's and shit.
Throw Flash bangs.
Remaining cribs.
Yeah.
For work.
Someone has some substance in there that's not sanctioned by a tax stamp.
You
a lot of times,
not even like the one where the kid with the crib,
they didn't even have any drive or the,
there's a famous in the culture high,
the documentary,
there's that famous video where they shoot this guy's dog because they had found
like some pot in the,
his his trash.
They had found like a grind or something in his trash.
So they,
they did a swat rate on this guy's house in front of his family and you hear a
Bang Bang and the dog's Jiping,
the guy's crying,
you shot my fucking dog.
Like,
why'd you shoot my dog?
And you know,
they're handcuffing him and this just that power over people in that power
without reason,
without reasonable understanding of the situation.
A reasonable conversation just kicked down the door at bulletproof vest,
gotten down the door,
know gun down the dog,
the,
this is what we do.
Yeah,
Swat,
no knock raids are insane.
And there's been instances where they've done no,
not grades,
like in the middle of the fucking night.
And then they,
and then like a person,
we'll shoot that and thinking that it's just an armed robber and then they'll go
to jail for the rest of their lives.
And you're like,
how is this legal?
Another,
I think one of the most insane things that police are doing right now is called
the civil asset forfeiture under this.
But they just can seize your assets for no reason.
And there was literally no reason.
One state just overturned that.
What was the state that I'd heard that I don't know.
Yeah,
Hoo Hoo.
That's actually a really good point.
I need to write about that.
Um,
we'll Jamie,
we'll find it out.
But it was,
uh,
some states are stepping up and saying,
look,
enough already,
like this is Craig Mafia.
Cops can just stop anyone they want take all of the money on them.
And this has happened many times and it's tragic.
It's heartbreaking because someone will maybe lose $30,000 people who don't want
a bank account per say.
They want to keep cash on them because why not?
Yeah,
why not?
Like it doesn't mean you're a fucking drug dealer.
And so they just take their cash and then they just won't get it back.
And if,
and if they cannot afford to hire a lawyer for $10,000 in spend months in
litigation to get their money back,
then maybe they can.
But really like these people,
maybe they had a giant pile of cash because they wanted to refurbish their like
kitchen or in the restaurant they were working in.
A lot of people have had to close down their businesses after the police have
stolen their,
their cash and then they're allowed to use them and they're allowed to use the
Chi,
take that cash.
And it's,
there's no right,
it goes into their coffers.
It's just so weird.
We've entered into this really weird time and especially when it comes to law
enforcement,
it's being exposed now in a way that's never been before because of all these
youtube clips of cameras.
Yeah.
You're just getting to see cops shooting people and beating people up.
Those guys that they found that cop,
uh,
those cops,
they found that guy who would run away from them on horseback.
So they're kicking him in the head while he's laying face down.
They're just punching him in the head and the guys out,
he's out.
My older beating the shit out of him,
kicking his body like,
what are you doing?
Like you're not a cop.
You're,
you're a fucking criminal right now.
So don't you know that people are probably filming you?
They didn't know.
I mean they were being filmed by cameras
above them.
That was a helicopter news cameras.
I believe that caught them kicking the guy in the head because it was,
it was this wild chase.
The guy was on fucking horseback and they were trying to catch the guy,
whatever.
You don't get to kick a guy in the head just cause he ran,
you know you're supposed to capture him,
you've lazy.
Fuck.
And then once you capture them,
you lock them up.
Did you find her how to use their card players?
The NBA players in New York City.
What beat hold up here.
This player saw Dabo stuff.
Malosha there was a,
it was a really crazy story happened last week.
This player for the Pacers named Chris Copeland was stabbed in an incident
outside of club.
And a couple of hours later,
two other players from a separate NBA team showed up.
And there's video of this guy,
uh,
he's actually black and Chavo sef alone.
He's not from America.
I forget the country he's from,
but he's shown getting beaten and arrested by like six cops.
And it ended up being that he broke his leg and the incident has ligament damage
out for us this season in the playoffs.
It's a,
an incident right now.
There's a lot of stories coming out right now.
What actually happened?
Why they were,
uh,
the charge was that they were arrested for a obstructing the police from setting
up a crime scene,
but the setting up a crime scene,
and this is,
like I said,
this was hours after the and a
and m right now.
Like there's just,
I think they're going to sue the police that it hasn't really come out exactly
what,
like I said,
what's going to happen yet,
this is every day that the NBA players units as investigating the FBI.
I think it's
so,
I'm sorry,
I'm still confused.
So they,
what does it say there?
That he was provoked by the police before the arrest?
Pull up the story.
This just came out today too.
There's a sources that were at the like outside of this club filming it and
people are saying,
I saw this happen and I was just reading this just now.
It said that he,
during this incident they were him and the other player and tick is his name.
I forget his first name.
Who's a like six 10 white guy.
He wasn't roughed up by the cops at all either by the way.
Um,
they didn't ramp up the white guy,
he was just sitting there in the video and they said he tacked or ran towards
the cop.
And then then other of said he didn't really do that and the cop was stalking
him like a defensive back.
And when they were walking away towards the car,
he just simply said to the cop,
what's your problem with me?
And that's when,
what the video picks up there and he's getting beat up.
Jesus Christ.
And this is just coming out.
Yeah.
This has happened maybe last week or this week.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
No one should be a comp.
We need Robo Cop.
You know,
all the people are saying,
you know,
where are the moderate Muslims?
Whenever like there's like some sort of attack where the moderate police coming
out and speaking out against every single cop.
That's a very good point.
Where are the moderate moderate cops?
Supreme Court overturns forfeiture of homes.
Has a state failed to show law.
That's Tennessee.
That's one.
Okay.
This one statute actions under Tennessee civil forfeiture statutes state must
present evidence and that's good.
That's good.
Good,
good for,
that's brilliant.
That's a really surprising actually in Tennessee you've got good.
Yeah,
that's fine.
You know what?
Someone along the line probably go fucked and they're just enough already.
Just you're stealing money from people,
right?
You can't just steal them on evil.
Yeah,
I mean it all the idea behind it,
it probably,
there's some good idea behind it.
If you're dealing with organized crime and then having massive sums of money,
they've got through nefarious ways and then you figure out a way to catch those
people and take that money from them.
But it's as soon as you allow regular people like the police,
regular people like that fucking dumb old man that shot that guy the other day
cause he thought he had a taser out and he had a gun out and he said,
oops,
I shot him.
Like that's the key.
That's the type of people you have as cops.
And he was 73,
by the way,
when she sees a fucking way too old John Mccain like why are you in a position
of power?
Why you better be all bad ass fucking 73 guy to be a cop.
He was a reserve I think is a donut donor.
Reminds me of um,
what do you think of Tom Cotton?
Have you been following this Douche bag?
No,
it's like overly buffed up military dude.
He was like in the marines.
He came out on the scene like six months ago and then all the sudden it was
trying to like go to war with Iran.
Like you know you have Obama,
you have Obama doing these diplomatic negotiations with Iran,
which I completely support diploma diplomacy.
Amazingly,
you have all these assholes,
I think 47 senators or congressmen sign onto this letter by Tom Cotton who is
basically backed by these neo-con Warhawks and places like the foreign policy
initiative and,
and Bill Kristol who love war,
like their,
their whole problem is that the public is to war weary.
He's actually written this.
So they pick like Tom Cotton to be like,
they're trolls.
Like this guy comes out and writes this letter to Iran basically saying like,
we don't support these like diplomatic negotiations and encouraging all of these
congressmen to sign on the bus letter to basically stimi the process.
And it's like I,
it's unfucking heard of,
it's like,
well,
since a one does this asshole get to come out?
And kind of like you serp the president,
you know what I mean?
It's unbelievable.
And all these people sign on to it.
And every time you look at like a military intervention,
the last decade,
it always stems from these letters from these think tanks that like try to shape
policy.
And here's,
here's this semester's guy,
Tom cotton was a total troll.
So it says here,
oh I love this.
The Red State,
the uh,
the title Tom Cotton,
rock star,
Tom Cotton.
He also like just as blatantly funded by defense companies.
100% is he?
Yeah.
Wow.
There was just a phone call that was recorded,
um,
by a Deutsche Bank,
I think analysts and Lockheed Martins CEO or the Deutsche Bank.
I was saying,
hey,
we're really worried that the Iran negotiations is going to depress weapons
sales.
What should we do?
This is how these people talk.
Like this is actually happening,
that they're worried that diplomacy with Iran is going to,
you know,
hurt the bottom line of the military industrial complex.
Isn't that just comforting
whenever you have,
uh,
any,
any sort of a political environment,
you're going to have extremes on both sides.
So with this guy is,
is the extreme on the right side and uh,
these articles about him pro and con,
um,
that I'm seeing right now,
they seem to uh,
to highlight how smart he is.
The guy is smart and very articulate and very,
very aware of all the minutia of the Middle East and the conflict in the Middle
East
be asshole.
He was just in the military and things that that makes him have fucking
experience and it doesn't,
you know,
well does it,
I'm just reading what they're saying when your your take may vary but this is
uh,
this is also the people who invited Netanyahu to come speak at Congress.
Completely bizarre move,
unheard of to invite a foreign leader to come,
like try to use syrup,
a diplomatic process that's going on because of course it Netanyahu's in the
sane and wants to bomb Iran.
So that happened.
There's a lot of these fucking people that will jump on board with this guy
though.
There there is,
yeah.
That's what we get.
Scary as.
If a guy like doc and weasel his way all the way up to the top and run for
president,
that's when shit gets weird.
If we've got a really hawkish military based president who was totally down to
just start bombing,
especially a guy who's got a little PTSD.
Yup.
Maybe been over there a little,
seen some shit.
Saint little too much.
Did a little too much.
Yeah.
Tom Cotton is a total douche.
How dare you.
But I liked that you said it's the extreme ideologues cause I think that that's
the way it is in all of these complexes.
It's not a fight between Islam and the West.
It's a fight between the most extreme ideologues on all sides and the most
militaristic fascist stick ideologues,
you know that you'll see that.
Take these,
these to the extreme.
Unfortunately in America these people have um,
suits and they're called politicians.
A couple of them.
Well,
this guy,
this Tom Cotton guy,
the the picture and the red state article where it says Tom Cotton,
rock star is him in full fatigues with a,
with a machine gun in his hand,
which is,
that is insane.
Why is he public?
It is that his head is so small to
very small neck,
very narrow shoulders,
which would lead to a lot of overcompensation.
That's not good.
Genetics,
redstate.com what the hell is this
website?
Rock star.
He's a rock star.
What does that,
Ooh.
Can't look at it.
There's going to be people like that,
right?
There's going to be the Karl Rove's.
Yeah,
for the world.
It's going to the,
uh,
Ken Starr's.
But then there'd be the,
the Obamas who you think are so much better,
but then look at,
he has,
what?
Seven countries that he's bombing under his belt.
He's,
he's,
he's sold more guns in the first five years of his term then Bush did and the
entire eight years term.
Well,
it's one of those things where you can't be in that position unless you're
playing the game.
You,
you just,
it doesn't seem like you can get there unless you're playing the game.
And he got in and he showed he's playing the game.
He's doing what everybody else did,
making everybody money.
I wonder,
I would love to see rationalization of that.
You know,
if there comes a time,
one day when Obama was like 80 years old where he gets to sit down and explain
like the way Jimmy Carter does speeches today,
you know,
Jimmy Carter does interviews today.
We talks about that ran crisis,
the hostage crisis.
And it's a pretty sobering when you,
you know,
you realize that he knows that the Republicans were already negotiating for the
release of the hostages before he was,
you know,
I mean,
he didn't really have a chance.
They kept those people in there up until the moment where Reagan won and Reagan
got an office and then they were off magically freed and is really creepy.
And when you,
when you hear him talk today,
uh,
with very measured tones and very measured sentences,
you know,
I would love to see that kind of a conversation with Obama in the future where
you could really tell us like,
like what was going on during this whole drone thing.
When you were getting the statistics,
when you were realizing that eight 80 plus percentage of the people that you
were killing were innocence.
Like how was that?
And you're still using surgical drone strikes as that was the narrative.
Like how's that possible?
How'd you,
how are you allowing that to happen?
What was,
what was going on behind the scenes?
They're going back to that report that said that 4 million have died in Iraq,
Afghanistan,
80,000 people have died under the u s is the war on terror and Pakistan alone.
And we've never send ground troops in there.
We've only been using drones,
80,000 people to dissect drones.
I don't know if it's directly from drones or if it's a result from whatever the
hell the u s has been doing.
I'm sure there's like a lot of covert operations going on as well,
but it shows you the numbers that were being given are completely wrong.
And this is from what,
what year?
This is since two thousand three thousand people.
That's a lot of fun.
A lot of people hopes dreams,
shattered lives.
And that's just not them.
It's like you were saying,
it's the widows,
it's,
you know.
Yeah.
And how about Brian?
How about when you find out about the military suicide rate?
That's where it gets really bizarre.
Where more people have actually committed suicide that have died in Iraq.
There's one every 65 minutes a veteran commits suicide every 65 minutes.
Wow.
Well,
it's,
if it's timed like that,
can't someone just get there 54 minutes and take the gun away from it now?
Stupid.
Sorry.
Hey does,
it does seem like it's a different thing than has ever existed before.
I mean,
when Smedley Butler wrote that famous,
uh,
peace war is a racket back in 1933.
You could read that and apply it today too.
And smelly Butler was,
uh,
what was his position?
There's something in the marine corps,
very highly ranked in the marine curl sergeant general or some shit.
I remember,
I forget what his actual title was in the Marine Corps,
but what he said back then,
it applies today.
And if you read it and you're reading something about the 1930s this guy thought
that he was going over there,
saving the world,
and really was making it safe for bankers are safer.
Oil people are safe for this or save for that.
It's exactly the same shit that's going on today.
And when guys are involved in that and they have the going with this ideal,
they really are in their mind.
They want to be heroes.
They want to stand up for their country.
They believe in it,
they believe in justice and they want to be a hero.
And they go over there and they realize,
oh,
I'm just a hit man.
I'm a hit man for this creepy fucking corporation that wants to keep sucking the
oil out of the ground over here.
And it doesn't want to deal with all these people that want it to stop.
That's gotta be a very sobering point of view.
A very sobering perspective.
No,
I think that does play a lot into it in the military is not seen as something
that's um,
good anymore to a lot of people and I think a lot of soldiers who get in just
out of desperation and then they realize that what the fuck are we doing over
here?
What are we doing?
What an interesting aspect of that statistic though is that the majority is over
60 who are committing suicide over 60 which means that this is like World War
II,
Vietnam and Korean War era.
The majority are over 60 wow.
Yeah.
Oh,
I didn't know that.
That's interesting.
And they factor that in when they talk about v because when they talk about
veterans committing suicide,
I think what they were talking about is currently active veterans that were
committing suicide.
If you add in,
that's probably where the 65 minute thing comes from.
Is it?
I check it out.
Yeah.
I think that probably makes sense because what they were talking about when they
were saying that more people have committed suicide.
I think they were talking about active military right now.
Then if died in combat in combat,
which is insane.
That's hard to believe,
right.
Then what you want.
Is there any more evidence that your fucking system doesn't work then the people
that are doing it commit suicide?
Fuck.
Did you ever see American sniper?
I did not.
Yeah.
You know,
everybody was,
I had friends that liked it and I had friends at Haiti that Duncan had a really
funny thing about it.
Yeah,
Dunkin hated it.
Ari Shaffir hated it.
Tom's girl really liked it.
I didn't say it.
I didn't have a desire to see it.
Right.
You know,
I think the story itself,
the actual real story is very fascinating.
I think Chris Kyle,
as an individual,
it's a very,
very complex case.
It's a very complex thing to discuss,
but if you even talk about him,
um,
you're a coward and Chris Kyle was a hero and a,
you just sit there realizing that your freedom that you have is because of a guy
like Chris Kyle.
What?
Huh?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Is sniping like heroic because to me that's like super fucking pussy dude.
I'm gonna fucking snipe someone.
How dare you go with fucking nunchucks or a knife.
You want to where you want to fucking fight someone.
Gotcha.
Dumb numb chucks or a knife is a really dumb way by the way.
You got to snipe them.
No,
that's bullshit.
And ambassadors snipes like a fucking hundred and 50 people.
How has that heroic,
how is that a road?
If those hundred 50 people,
we're going to kill Americans or eagles.
I hate nationalism.
I'm sorry.
Yeah,
the,
if they're going to keep the ego from soaring,
like she's never saw it before.
You never know.
And another problem,
I mean,
the people who did see it in American sniper,
Clint Eastwood actually inserted things that weren't in the book at all.
Like the Human Shield myth that we talked extensively about before that that
they use to justify all these mass casualties in an in Gaza saying that
everyone's used as a human shield.
They showed like a human shield myth playing out in the movie that never
existed.
It showed like a woman being guarded by her son and the holding like a grenade
or whatever.
And in the book,
when you read excerpts of Chris Kyle's book,
he talks about how these people were barbaric.
It was almost like Christopher Columbus in Howard Zinn's people's history of the
United States.
You can read Christopher Columbus is like journal entries.
When he first came here,
he was saying that everyone should just be killed,
raped,
and they were all like barbaric animals.
And that's what Chris Kyle talked about.
Iraqis as he said that he hated them with a vengeance so strong that it was like
in human.
Like they,
there were any human,
he didn't kill enough.
His only regret is that he didn't kill more people.
He said that he would beat animals just for fun.
Like,
he's a sick bastard man.
And you know what?
And he went out and such
perfect way killed band talking by Solo.
Yeah.
With Ptsd.
Yup.
Well,
you know,
I don't know what happened there.
I wasn't there.
I don't know if it was perfect.
It seems to me like a fucked up way to go.
He was working to try to help people with PTSD.
I don't know the dude,
you know also there's a,
an issue I have,
what does it,
national estimate,
what is it?
What are you pulling up,
Jamie?
In the middle of a conversation.
Okay.
Oh that veterans suicide veterans.
And what does it say?
National estimate based on department of veteran affairs,
analysis of death records from 21 states though it is usually cited older
veterans.
Yeah.
Most of the suicides involved.
Older veterans who account for the vast majority of the nation's 22 million
former service members among veterans.
In the current study,
there's one suicide a day.
So I'm confused.
So there's one suicide a day of active nepote seems as soldiers.
Okay.
That's not as nearly as much as 365 a year.
But that's insane.
So that means that there's that many more like 23 older veterans committing
suicide everyday.
Yeah,
that's a lot.
Wow.
2020 veterans take their lives each day.
22 every day.
Only one active.
Hmm.
That's bizarre.
You know of the,
one of the things about
the Chris Kyle thing that I think if you look at it fairly,
um,
you have to take into consideration the fact that this guy was a mean.
He's a navy seal and he's out there doing this incredibly difficult,
very dangerous job that again,
I don't think any anybody is qualified for just like a cop,
just like there's no perfect human being five miles away and it's super
dangerous.
That kind of,
let's not exactly all he did.
Just checking.
I,
I'm,
I'm with you.
I mean I'm not,
I'm not taking a side here,
but what I'm saying is you got to think that this guy gets out.
He's got virtually no financial future.
If you look at like what those guys get paid as far as like what's there,
what's the salary that they receive once they retire?
It's nothing.
You can barely live off it.
You barely survived,
which is if we're going to have military,
you've got to fucking take care of them.
You know,
the,
the UFC donates in a large way.
We hold these events every year for the intrepid,
a institute for traumatic brain injuries.
And uh,
when you find out that they,
they're dependent upon outside sources to fund them and that these people that
are veterans that get blown up and they have all sorts of head traumas,
all these injuries,
they don't get any help unless someone else donates.
It's incredible.
It's incredible the amount of money that is involved in the war as far as the
amount of money that they give defense contractors,
the amount of money that's spent on,
you know,
various operations is staggering.
The amount of money that's spent on taking care of the soldiers once they get
out is very small.
So you're left with this guy who is a navy seal who's been involved in,
I mean,
what PTSD to the fucking Gil's.
how could you not?
You're shooting people from a distance watching heads explode.
Your friends are dying.
People are dying all around you.
You're in a death business and you come out and you've got this book to write
and you know there's a lot of the stuff that he said in the book that's turned
out to not be factual.
But if I was trying to sell fucking book,
okay,
and I was in that sort of a desperate situation,
I would put a bunch of shit in there.
That's not factual too.
I'm like,
what do I want to do?
I want to sell a book.
He said that he killed,
he was killing black people are,
and in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina,
like killing looters has essentially run the house.
Yeah,
yeah.
Well it turned out to not be true.
Right.
That was one of the things that,
again,
you've got to look at it.
I mean you don't have to,
but I try to,
whenever I'm looking at any sort of a,
a story like that,
a very complex story involving a hired killer,
you give someone a license to go kill people.
You say this is what you're supposed to do,
this is what you're doing.
And then you give him a bunch of metals for doing that.
And then so you have this culture of support.
You have all these people thank you for your service.
You know,
you know there's people that salute you.
There's this enabling aspect of this that goes along.
And then you have this bizarre conundrum.
This guy is forced into this life where he's not going to have any fucking
money.
I mean,
he's going to be this,
this guy who is struggling to make ends meet with all sorts of psychological
issues.
I'm sure all sorts of physical health issues as well.
I mean,
I think Chris Kyle is a disgusting scum bag and I hate him,
but I understand that this is the stomach of just like a very large problem.
Like there's a problem of empire.
And when you have a government whose actually judicially assassinating brown
people around the world,
we should not be such a surprise that this militarism bleeds in.
And we have like a culture of empire babies where you have cops going around and
killing black people.
You have,
you know,
military people thinking that they have a license to fucking do whatever they
want and people themselves going and just shooting a bunch of people on the,
in a movie the year or you know,
taking down a bunch of people with them.
It,
I really do think it all bleeds from the same problem with American culture.
When you have like a,
a global empire and a shit load of guns and people who have American
exceptionalism and think that they're the best country in the world that can do
no wrong and that they're better than everyone else.
What does that do to a society?
Well,
it definitely gives us a society,
a sense of entitlement and some sort of a weird,
bizarre way where you ignore all the faults of the people that are on your team
and you highlight all the faults of the people on the other team,
even if they are lesser or equal.
Um,
you,
whenever you have a team,
whenever we have this team mentality,
whether it's the Democrats versus the Republicans,
US versus them,
east coast,
west coast,
you get this stupid idea that we're not all one,
that we're not all one super organism sharing the earth,
which is what human beings are.
And that tactic that,
that philosophy,
that way of viewing the world is exactly what keeps wars going.
You have to have this team mentality if you have this abundant resource
mentality that really,
hey,
there's plenty for everybody.
The problem is the vast majority of what we're,
we're taking out of the earth as being sucked up by a very limited few people
that have control of the overwhelming majority of the resources and the world.
And they're the ones who are instigating wars.
They're the ones who are funding and actively campaigning to get these things
going.
And to make sure that,
just like we were talking about with private prisons,
they want to keep the business of war booming.
The business of war does not want to taper off the business of war wants to grow
like every other business.
Right.
And when you have business and profit involved in going to places and shooting
things and taking their stuff.
I mean,
the most egregious example was when Halliburton,
which fucking Dick Cheney was the CEO of Halliburton.
He leaves,
Halliburton becomes a vice president and then Halliburton gives these no bid
contracts to repair places that Cheney as an following up instigating these,
I mean,
what the fuck man?
I mean it can't get any more transparent than that.
That is,
that is the business of war inaction,
the business of this,
this funnel that has figured out how to draw money out of an area and how to
filter it into the coffers of all these people that are responsible for all
these companies that sell things to the government,
that,
that are involved in Bor and he's just,
this is a lot,
there's a lot going on there.
There's a lot of moving pieces and that's where a guy look Obama steps in,
you know,
in 2012 you know this guy steps in or 2008 this guy steps in and you get to see
this,
this scenario play out where this new entity steps into this machine that's
already been established.
He has all these ideas in his head about what he's going to do and then once he
actually gets in there,
you see what he's really doing.
It's just very little,
very little.
I mean,
very little different.
It's really,
a lot of it is business as usual and it almost seems like untangling that
gigantic profit machine is extremely difficult.
And whenever ideals that he might have had as a young man or as a guy who was
campaigning to be president with these unique ideas,
I'm going to close Guantanamo Bay.
I'm going to pull us out of Iraq and Afghanistan now that happened,
man.
None of that happened.
None of it happened.
And even talking about pulling out,
they're not really gonna pull out.
They're going to pull out lead behind thousands of troops.
Yeah.
Like,
how was it pulling out?
Right?
Like that's not pulling out,
pray on his no troops,
zero,
zero basis,
zero trips like gun.
Yeah.
That's like saying I'm going to pull out when you're having sex,
but you still
common sides on one.
They're like,
well I pulled out sort of,
I only had left a tip.
You got to pull out all the way.
The whole idea is ridiculous.
Another problem with the way things are going now is like,
I think under the Bush administration it was so blatant and in your face and
obtuse and now Obama,
you know,
there's all this covert warfare going on.
The general of Africom,
which is like,
who knew that we were at war with Africa?
Right?
Well apparently there's military operations going on every single day across
Africa.
The United States.
Yes.
And they've told like a room full of defense contractors.
Like we are literally at war with Africa and uh,
this is African Africa.
The continent were the whole continent or where would the fucking gun and is
that a first?
That's the first cause we usually just pick a country.
This country sucks.
And amazingly,
it all like it's all goes together too.
When you look at like the global empire and how it all works,
like the extraction of resources and all these countries working together in
terms of Saudi Arabia and Israel.
And when you look at the drone wars,
cobalt is a mineral that's really a central for the military industrial complex
to build machinery and weaponry.
And cobalt comes from the Congo.
And when you look at the Congo for the last decade or so or more than that,
there's been like 6 million people who have died there.
There's a basically a genocide going into the Congo,
facilitated and protected by the u s government in State Department documents in
the late nineties or mid two thousands they've said that they need to keep Congo
like unstable.
Basically they need to keep this civil war going so that we can secure the
cobalt extraction.
It's all fucked man.
And it all stems back from Rwanda,
the genocide there and they,
you know,
the invasion of the Congo,
it's used,
I don't know.
I don't exactly know.
But I know primarily something in drones.
It's a component in drones,
but it just shows you how complicated it is.
Right?
And how many things are tied together with the military industrial complex.
And I really do think it's like an autonomous machine that if,
you know,
if a bunch of these people died,
the machine would still thrive on it would still live on because there's so many
components and everyone's compartmentalize and how to keep the machine going.
And so it's like they don't even know.
It's just weapons and bombing are the only solutions that they know cause that's
all that they do know.
It's like of course building schools and hospitals would actually be way better
in the longterm for Afghans.
Um,
education.
If we're going to prop up that that girl Malala or whatever for the Taliban,
almost killing her for wanting to get educated.
That should be our focus.
If we really want like an educated world and society and build up pieces to
building the Middle East schools and hospitals and really investing in the
people instead of just continuously bombing them into the stone ages and then
being like,
why are you guys so barbaric?
We had to bomb the shit out of you more.
Why is Isis here?
I don't know me because you bomb the shit out of all of these different
religious sects that Saddam was actually had a stranglehold on because at that
point in time,
the political evolution and climate of that society,
they needed a dictator and like some sort of dictatorial rule to keep those
factions in line.
That's how the society was functioning.
So to just bomb them into oblivion and just be like,
we've democratized you.
Why is Isis here now?
Like any logical human being would look at that region and say,
well of course that's what's going to happen.
Even Cheney back in 2000 or 1994 he was giving this interview about the invasion
of Iraq because of course Bush senior,
we know he wanted to go in and do a rock too and he was saying,
we'd never do that because pieces of Iraq would fly off and he was like,
it'd be a total disaster.
He basically laid out exactly what happened when we did go in there.
These people aren't dumb.
Um,
it's almost like isis is just an excuse to keep it going.
Jesus.
Yeah,
it's pretty insane.
Okay.
You're really good at pointing out all these things that are fucked up in the
world,
but do you have any ideas about how it could be fixed?
I think that the,
everything that you said about how we're one human family living on one
organism,
we have the technological capabilities in front of us.
Um,
that's why I love what Peter,
Joseph and [inaudible] are doing because they point out the possibilities and
the capabilities that we have,
the hydroponics,
the open source ecology and all of these different movements,
you know,
decentralized tools online or bitcoin or this is all happening.
People are starting the revolution on their own.
But I think that as long as we are ingesting media that makes us scared and
keeps pitting us in camps against each other and keeps a reinforcing American
exceptionalism and also these identities,
these false identities and nationalistic tendencies that makes us not have
empathy,
not extend our empathy from our brothers and sisters in Gaza are brothers and
sisters in Iraq.
That needs to be stripped down first and foremost because if we keep reinforcing
the fact that we're different because we're American and were white and then we
were born,
we just happen to be born within this nation,
we're going to have a really long road ahead of us in terms of how we can really
change this because if the system has globalized,
the struggle needs to be globalized and so does the consciousness.
That's a good point.
That's a good way to phrase it.
I agree.
I think blind nationalism,
blind to anything,
it's just unhealthy.
It's just not right and that's the type of shit that you're going to receive and
hate tweets cause all the shit you said about Chris Kyle
fucking so much.
Hey,
last time I came on,
but what a lot of people I know that you had done,
Sam Harris also,
who kind of responded to my whole argument about,
you know,
Islam and,
and,
um,
how these things have happened and why,
you know,
why Palestine is the way it is.
And Sam Harris,
his whole thing is why he doesn't criticize Israel.
Um,
I got a lot of hate from people who said that.
I just,
they just didn't agree with me.
Um,
because it's controversial,
but I totally disagree with the Sam Harrison,
this new atheism movement.
I'm reinforcing the American exceptionalism in the empire and imperialism.
I mean,
it's unbelievable that someone like him and Richard Dawkins can get out there
and say all that matters is your pure moral intentions.
Islam is so fucked up that even if Islam kills a million people and the u s
government and Western imperialism kills a billion,
Islam is still worse because our intentions were pure.
We have the moral and position.
I don't think he's saying that.
I literally heard him say that in response to something about Noam Chomsky.
Maybe he didn't mean it.
Maybe I didn't hear like the full context of what he was saying,
but it sounded really just completely,
he's a very,
very measured guy and uh,
he's a friend and one of his takes on religion is simply that,
if I could speak for him the way he looks at Islam,
the real underlying issue with any overwhelming philosophy or ideology is what,
what,
what are their core principles?
And one of the core principles of Islam is if you leave,
you're supposed to be killed of your pasta.
You're supposed to be killed.
If you,
you,
you're committed adultery,
if you commit homosexuality,
if you look at these things like in the,
the religious doctrine,
like in the Koran or like how,
how it's addressed and the fundamental rules of this ideology,
it's,
it's very divisive and it's very strong and it's very,
very clearly stated.
And
really how come so many more billings of people are not getting killed?
What do you mean?
There's a billion and a half?
I think it was like one sixth or one fifth of the world's population is Muslim.
So shouldn't we be seen a lot more just completely like barbarism and terrorism
and death and destruction from Muslims,
if that's really what the entire Muslim religion is about.
Well he's the,
I'm not even saying that he's saying the entire religion is about that or
denying even that there are some moderate factions of the religion.
But I think as a neuroscientist,
his point of view is on ideologies and cult thinking and dangerous philosophical
trends,
like dangerous trends of behavior like Jihad.
It's like things like isis,
like things along those lines.
Not Denying the origins of the reason why they're so upset in the first place.
The,
the conflict that's brought them to this position or even the fact that I,
they may have been funded.
I don't ever hear him talk.
You don't have to have a conversation with him specifically about it,
like in a debate,
which should be kind of interesting cause you're a very fiery young lady.
Okay.
It'd be interesting
what he's,
he's played some pretty fascinating videos.
Uh,
he put one of them up on a site about this guy.
Um,
and they were,
they were speaking from this large group of Muslims and one of the things that
he was saying was that everyone wants to say this is radical Islam.
These ideas are radical Islam.
But he said this guy in this video was talking about if someone says that
whatever,
whatever a punishment that should be deemed out for any,
anything,
whatever the punishment it is in the Quran is the best possible punishment
because it is from a law.
And do you guys agree with this?
And they would say yes,
like the way they treat homosexuals,
this radical Islam or is this Islam and they,
they would all agree with it.
Or like if,
if,
if this is deemed by a law that you should be stoned to death for adultery,
there cannot be a better way to deal with this.
And I think when you get down to the core philosophy,
could you imagine if we were seeing that spread across the country with
Christianity?
I mean there are certainly some radical forms of Christianity.
I mean,
let's like we're labeling things just all ideologies cross the board,
whether it's Catholicism or baptism or Scientology or any pattern that you are
expected to follow very rigorously and very,
very strictly.
Um,
when you start applying those patterns to the real world and inside those
patterns,
it includes death for things like adultery,
death for things like homosexuality,
very strict,
rigid rules like you were describing.
There's a hobby.
Yeah.
Here's the missing element of that whole argument is that religions
and when you have bombed the shit out of the Middle East into literally like
stripped their evolution,
I mean you can look at the Shah of Iran to the funding of the Mujahideen in
Afghanistan and how warped and twisted and backwards like women's rights,
let's say.
It'd be common in the last 50 years in those countries.
And a lot of it has to do with this demean and stifling from Western
intervention religions evolve.
What did Christianity,
did we use a stone people three burned people to say,
I mean all of these religions have evolved over the millennia.
And I think when you're looking at Islam,
we have to give it room to grow and evolve without,
and it's really hard to look with such harsh judgment and single out Islam in
terms of the rest of the religions when there's been so much military
intervention in this region of the world.
And that has reinforced religion because a lot of times people,
you know,
people in Gaza or Iraq or Syria,
I mean their prayer is the only thing that they have to keep them going when you
have fucking nothing.
Right.
So it's a little bit hard.
Um,
I didn't mean to come down on Sam Harris,
I just disagree with him and,
and a lot of people for some reason were like telling me that I needed to get
schooled.
You can just find a hole by Sam Harris.
Well,
you know,
I don't think either one of you are wrong.
You know,
I think your,
your point of view in his point of view,
although they're very different having a conversation like this in that third
party form or not even having a conversation but decision agreeing or
disagreeing on points like that,
you really have to sit down with someone.
And really there's a lot of people that have gotten into disagreements with
whether it's online or in reality or in real life.
Um,
where I think if you had the time to discuss and sit down and talk about like,
what do you think about this and why do you think about that?
And it's a long form conversation.
I mean that's a long conversation.
It's not something to be like sniped back and forth from blog entry and blogs or
chat or Twitter is the worst example.
I'm at 140 characters.
Like good fucking luck.
Right?
I think there's a lot of middle ground there and a lot of ways to look at his
point of view and a lot of ways certainly to look at your point of view,
which I very much respect.
It's just,
I think,
um,
there's both there,
there's certainly a lot of legitimate arguments to the fact that we have fucked
up the Middle East almost unfixable.
We have like ruined lives to the point where you're talking about if the new
figures of 2 million people in Iraq and Afghanistan,
that's the new figure.
I mean that's,
that's just the people that are dead man.
What about their families?
What about the people that knew them and loved them?
What about their friends?
What about their neighbors?
You're talking about just generation after generation after generation of,
of hate and,
and pain and suffering.
And I don't know how you engineer that away.
I don't think it's possible.
Even with philanthropic,
uh,
missions and,
and building schools and,
and,
and helping people.
You're not going to take away the sting of someone's baby getting up by a
fucking drone.
I mean,
I just don't know how you
race.
I think it needs to start with stopping,
stopping all the time.
And this is what I asked that Saudi scholar,
I was like,
how can we,
and I always come from this angle,
like how can we help the people and their sovereignty without like supporting
disaster as military intervention,
who was like,
we don't need your help.
Here's like,
this is what you guys,
you don't understand.
We do not need your help.
What we need you to do is stop supporting oppressive monarchies and dictators.
That's what we need you to do.
Yeah.
We don't need you to help us because freedom cannot be given and liberty cannot
be given.
It can only be one and we need to do that for ourselves.
But we can't do it with you.
You're backing of these like crazy,
oppressive systems.
I think it's also,
um,
there's a philosophy of keep throwing bombs at the problem until it's fixed.
Like,
like you bomb people and then the people that are angry that you bombed and then
they come after you got to just bomb more.
You've got to shoot more people.
So the angry people are dead.
So all the people who lost family because of this as well,
they're dead too.
So there's no one left that has any connection to it.
And those are the people that'll be the new citizens of the new Iraq.
It's like,
it's a really,
it's like state sanction,
genocide.
And a lot of ways if you look at it that way and is,
it's hard to not just,
it's,
it's hard to rationalize in any other way.
The idea of killing a million people.
How else did it get done?
I mean,
if that's not what you're doing,
if you're not killing the,
was there a million army people?
No.
So how has a million people getting killed?
Well,
the,
you're killing people and when you killing extra people,
and then there's people that are mad that you killed those extra people and
they're coming after you and you're killing them too.
And then it just keeps going on and on and on and on.
And it becomes this vicious cycle.
Especially when you're invading,
you're invading foreign countries.
You mean you're managing the fucking shit storm.
If someone tried to park boats off of our shore and invade the motherland,
the soil that Chris Kyle protected.
I mean,
could you imagine Chris Kyle,
by the way,
get ready for some Chris Crowl tweets.
Adam Martin can't.
They're coming away.
People got mad at me and I didn't say anything about them other than the fact
that what he said in his book wasn't truthful.
Never said a negative word about the guy,
didn't see the movie,
don't know much about him other than the numbers of people that he killed and
people were so mad at me,
especially in the hunting community.
Community is blind.
Reverend Chris Cox,
they do well.
I don't,
I'm not impressed with the people who just snipe a bunch of innocent people so,
well,
what are you going to do?
They might not have been innocent.
I don't know.
I don't have a direct account of all the people that he shot in the head with
his dogs.
He'd beat.
We're,
we're guilty of something to there.
Bad dogs.
Sorry.
I had those dogs hated America.
He beat dogs.
Yeah.
He like brags about beating animals.
So people want to defend.
Chris called me.
That's fine.
You should just sit and look in a mirror and ask yourself why?
Because that should be a shirt.
Because America,
yeah,
it's just the same people who look at me,
they're like,
you're a Russian propaganda is,
it's like I can't even,
uh,
where do we start?
I mean,
do we want to really honor your time here?
Are you a leftist or you lefty?
I know you,
you're talking about capitalism earlier.
Like I think you just said right away you're going to argue.
Yeah,
but I'm not really a righty.
Capitalism has completely failed us and the corporate corporatism I mean,
but then you have all these people who are like,
this is not true capitalism.
Right.
And we can do better.
Well to me this is what the beast of capitalism turns into.
This is like the inevitable outcome of capitalism when you leave it on hinge and
people say we need less government.
To me that doesn't make sense.
Cause that's how we got here in the first place is like letting down all these
barriers and having this incestual relationship between the industry and
government sector.
So I don't,
I don't know.
Um,
I don't endorse any sort of like alternative economic system.
I just think that we can do a shitload better and we have to,
otherwise we're going to die.
I'm sorry to sound like Chris Hedges here,
but I mean we need some sort of massive shift.
I think everyone knows deep down that that unfettered capitalism cannot and will
not last and every empire falls.
And if we don't do something fast to save the planet,
um,
then we're going to be kind of screwed.
What's the alternative to capitalism?
The problem is it's like I don't like when people put you in a box and say like,
you need to explain to me a complete alternative.
Otherwise like we just can't.
And I there,
there's no discussion.
I think that we can do better.
We have the brains,
we have the mind power,
we have the smartest people in the world.
They're going to do a fucking like head transplant for God's sake.
That's where we're at now.
Like
Elon Musk like wants to create an Internet in space that will provide free
Internet for everyone on the planet and every remote corner of the earth.
These are the things that we can do.
We can mind Mars,
like we can do these things now,
so don't tell me that capitalism in the form that it is now is like the best
that we can do.
I don't know.
Kind of lead the draw man,
because no one is saying that.
No one's saying the capitalism capitalism is the best could do.
They're saying that capitalism is the best and that we just need to fix it.
Oh,
but I'm not a,
I'm not arguing with you with that.
I'm just saying like what do you think can be done?
I'm not saying that you have to have a solution,
but I'm saying if you have an argument that you think capitalism is inherently
unfixable,
broken,
evil,
fill in the blank,
what could be done?
What could be done differently?
Well,
I think that we need some sort of actual democratic kind of cooperative
governance locally where people are actually invested in like a cooperative
level,
which is actually what democracy should be.
That is actual democracy in its truest form.
Um,
and,
and a lot of what Marx wrote,
his is like that unfortunately,
I hate that we're putting these two camps where it's like either you're a
communist or your capitals.
No,
I see good in both.
And I think that a lot of European countries have done it right where they
incorporate a lot of social aspects into their society and people who want to
shit all over like socialism.
I mean we have libraries,
fireman,
like these are all socialists aspects of our country right now.
Um,
schools,
public education.
So I think that it's been as scary and vilified word for no reason.
And I think that we need to really grow up in and understand how we can
incorporate aspects of both to really benefit society until we can figure out
maybe what's next.
But right now,
um,
we have a country where people applaud,
like politicians who say that we're not going to give you a health care that we
want like no government,
that we want to give more power to the market.
I just see a lot of problems with that because um,
I just feel like that's why we have a lot of the issues that we have today and a
lot of European countries have free healthcare and college and I totally support
that because being unemployed for the little time that I have,
and I looked into Obamacare thinking that it was going to be like really cheap.
It's $250 is the cheapest plan.
I can't even afford that right now.
$250 a month.
Yeah.
That's the cheapest plan.
So I thought it was supposed to be free.
That's what I know.
What costs money?
Yes.
We got fucked.
Right?
Well we got fuck without Obamacare shit.
Huh?
I don't know a single person that really likes it.
No,
it's awful.
It's like,
it just,
the insurance company is just wrote a bill basically.
And now we have to buy health care.
Yeah.
It's like instead of giving everyone free healthcare,
you have to buy health care.
That's what it seems to be the same.
That's what it is.
That's exactly.
Never heard anybody argue successfully that it's a good plan or I've heard
people argue that,
well,
it needs to evolve and change and it's uh,
it's good in principle,
you know,
what's good in principle,
socialized Madison at least as a,
an available thing for everyone.
I mean,
if you want like elective procedures,
you know,
if you want a boob job or something like that,
yeah,
you should be,
you should be able to buy that.
If you have a doctor that has,
you know,
uh,
some extreme ability to fix knees or something like that and it costs a lot of
money to do his stuff and insurance doesn't cover it,
but he charges more money.
Yeah,
that makes sense.
But the idea that you could go into debt because you get hurt or sick and you
might not ever be able to come out of that.
And then our,
our government doesn't look at that as being one of the primary objectives of,
uh,
government of,
of,
of a leading group of human beings that are supposed to be in charge of
allocating resources,
taking care of education and taking care of health.
Those are the two primaries.
Food,
education,
health dose should be the primaries of course fire man,
of course,
all the things that are police,
all the things that are already established as being things that we pay for that
the state pays for.
Those things should be there as well.
But the idea that healthcare wouldn't be in that group,
it seems barbaric.
It seems,
it seems rude.
It seems also incredibly
debilitating to poor people.
Yeah,
no,
and that's exactly who it affects.
And I'm not going to sit here and praise Cuba,
but I did go there and did a bunch of reports about Cuba and yes,
it's Communist.
Yes,
it has a lot of problems and they don't claim to be the best system,
but their healthcare and they're all truism in terms of like fighting,
um,
like epidemics worldwide.
Cuba was on the front lines of after the Haiti earthquake,
they sent the largest contingent of doctors to Haiti.
They sent the largest contingent of doctors to Liberia to fight a bola.
They have put,
their values are different.
I mean their values are to take care of like healthcare is a human right and
shelters a human rate.
And so that's why you have like such low crime rates and Cuba too.
Because when everyone has basic needs,
shelter,
healthcare,
I mean what does that do to a society?
There's a lot of problems in Cuba.
I'm not saying that's the answer,
I'm just saying it's interesting to see countries do it differently and see how
it affects other people and you know,
and then you have America,
this agenda,
this hegemonic force that basically thrives on making money off killing people.
And Cuba,
you know,
sells doctors.
That's,
that's their biggest export as doctors.
Ours,
our guns.
That's our biggest export.
Really?
Yup.
I thought it was like corn.
Nope.
You would think so.
Really?
We sell,
send more guns,
southern places in anything.
The biggest exporter of arms in the world.
Again,
because America shirt,
biggest export of arms in the world because America is amazing.
I mean,
if Cuba can do this,
being economically crippled under blockade,
what can we do?
What can the richest country in the world do?
Not only for our people but for the world instead of just killing people.
It's unbelievable.
Well,
talking about it helps,
right?
I mean doesn't it?
Enlightened young people stimulate ideas,
get people thinking about the problems.
There's this,
there's,
there's a benefit to this type of conversation that people oftentimes criticized
but you guys aren't doing anything.
You're just talking about it.
It won't you to do something about it.
Now that you're not at our tea,
what are you going to do?
So I'm doing work for media roots,
which is my website.
I'm in talks with uh,
two different show ideas right now.
A lot of great things on the horizon.
By September,
I should have another show up and running and for a network that I won't say
anything yet because in case it doesn't happen,
I don't want to,
you know,
make any declarations,
but definitely not going away.
And media roots thing.
What do you do at media roads?
So media roots was a,
it's a
citizen journalism project that I started and that's what our Archie found me
through occupy Oakland coverage.
But it just a multimedia forum that I have as a hub of censored information that
I've collected over the years.
And now I'm doing podcasts on there.
The Abby Martin experience now.
Just kidding.
Um,
why not name it was biting you?
yeah.
You want to just call it fuck Chris.
Kyle.
Imagine if you had a podcast and you call it that.
Holy Shit.
Talk about Click Bait.
Yeah,
I'm definitely leave a comment section,
right.
I never got,
yeah.
Chris fans or
people who,
when I've made fun of Bill Cosby,
people get really pissed off.
It's Bill Cosby,
Cosby,
Chris Kyle fans get real upset more as much as Chris Kyle or less.
Less,
but still very like upset for some reason.
You never made fun of Chris Kyle on this podcast before though.
This is,
can I get an open it?
Yeah.
This is going to open up that camp.
We'll pass.
Yeah.
Get oldest leftist girl and let her know what I think.
I think we need to get rid of these,
uh,
divisive labels left,
right?
Democrat,
Republican.
Do not put yourself in a camp.
Do not capitulate your values to endorse people that you don't,
don't wholeheartedly agree with.
We have other parties.
We have a local referendums.
That's where things are happening on a local level.
So as much as there's this like fascist takeover on the federal level,
people get it.
They're voting for same sex marriage,
they're voting for marijuana legalization,
they're voting to repeal shit like civil asset forfeiture.
All of these things will only happen locally.
And if the DOJ or federal government wants to,
you know,
usurp peoples' rights,
then at least it will be really obvious where they have to say like,
we don't care what you voted for.
We're going to do this anyway.
Then at least I'll be like completely obvious that there's like a coup that
happened.
But right now we can do all these things on a local level and it's also the
seismic sustainable shifts agriculturally.
Like all of these things.
I'm the organics residence,
sons' labeling.
These things can all be done locally.
Unfortunately.
If the transpacific partnership passes,
then corporations will have the right to sue actual nations and overturned laws
that we pass.
Did you hear about this?
So there's a another trade deal coming and Obama's trying to fast track it
through Congress,
which is like he's going to bypass the congressional vote.
So we know how fucked up Nafta and CAFTA and all this shit was like a disastrous
right.
Has it just exacerbated poverty and crime across across the borders.
So now the transpacific partnership,
it's like this Asian Pacific trade deal between 12 Pacific island nations,
including the United States.
And what it's going to do is create an international court tribunals full of
lawyers and corporate CEOs and lobbyists.
The public has not had any sort of,
like they,
we have not seen the text,
the only text that has been released as through wikileaks of people leaking
these documents.
And it looks really bad.
And what the court tribunals going to do is basically give corporations the
right to sue governments.
Like,
so let's say the United States finally passes a labeling law and we just like
want to label GMOs or something,
something to do with food or some sort of like intellectual property rights law.
They can just say,
you know,
you're hurting our profits.
Monsanto's profits are being hurt by the labeling laws,
so we're going to go ahead and overturn that.
And a lot of people are calling it a corporate coup d'etat because it's done
with completely no oversight.
There's no public input to this and Obama is trying to pass it through and every
time he gives a speech about it,
he just very briefly mentioned is like this trade deal and you're like,
this is probably the biggest thing going on right now that no one is talking
about.
And it goes back to the corporate media structure because why would they want to
talk about something that all of their benefactors are involved in?
It's really scary shit.
That's crazy.
Yeah,
it's really as simple as that.
That is crazy.
Yeah.
One of the whole chapters,
and it's going to be like,
it's going to send more American jobs overseas.
It's going to make medicine costs higher.
It's like every single thing is going to be fucked up through this bill.
Intellectual property rights members Sopa the stop online piracy actors like
this huge thing.
Aaron Swartz before he died was just like,
this is terrible.
He was on the front front lines to feed it.
TPP has a whole chapter on intellectual property rights that basically would
employ the worst aspects of Sopa.
Just blanketly.
So now Hollywood,
the industries are getting behind TPP wanting to pass it through because of that
chapter.
It's a mess and there's no debate like no one knows about this.
It's awful.
When is this supposed to be fast track through like when it's like going to get
fast track through soon.
Yeah.
Trans Pacific partnership.
Largest trade agreement in American history.
Jesus Christ.
It's bad.
Oh Wow.
Look at an example.
Is the OP.
Oh,
I thought it was a Chris Christie.
I was like going back full circle.
Chris Christie's role.
He's a fast track and donuts to his fat face.
Yeah,
look,
the biggest problem,
the public doesn't know what's in the TVB.
The texts negotiated in secret hasn't been released.
If wiki leaks provided a sample,
it's unbelievable.
I mean,
it just like,
it just,
it just takes globalization to a whole new level.
Abby Martin,
I headed,
sorry to end on a bummer.
Oh,
I'm so sorry.
Are we over man?
I mean positive.
We can talk about before you leave.
Yeah,
I'm having to an art show this Friday.
Art Show inventory are shown.
Ventura.
Oh,
awesome.
People can get a zoom in on that.
Accused zoom.
I Jamie,
hold on.
So good.
Something that Martin gave me free.
Check it out.
It's at a place called the lab.
Um,
check it out in Ventura.
I think that the positive takeaway is that there's so many people who are
likeminded out there and,
and we just got to free our minds,
open our consciousness,
do art,
do music,
get creative.
Put your voice out there.
Don't live in fear of the NSA.
Stop getting disillusioned and disempowered from the federal government's
ineptitude and like criminality and just live true.
Be True.
Find like minds in your area because they're out there and it empowers you.
And it also motivates you to do shit locally.
That's at least how I feel.
I feel like we're so detached from each other and are like,
you know,
in our technological society,
everyone's on their phones.
No one talks to each other at the market.
But I think that if you did,
you'd find out that a lot of people think like you,
you can get on the same page,
you can make shit happen.
Man.
I think a lot of us feel like we're kind of trapped in this big gigantic system
that we don't really have a voice.
We don't really have a say.
But when enough likeminded people get together,
then you do have a say.
And that never been more evident than today.
Never been more evident as far as like the impact.
Like you remember when we were going to go into Syria and then Obama had that
big speech and you know,
gone to,
it was essentially like it's on and then the entire country went fuck that.
And then it stopped the all the rumbling stopped.
And coincidentally that's when the isis activity picked up right afterwards.
And then all the sudden this is,
we have this real issue with Isis that was also involved in Syria and see we
told you these guys are bad.
I think what you're saying is like total hippy talk and a lot of people are
going to get really mad at you for it,
but you're right.
You know a lot of ways,
I mean this is just life.
It doesn't last that long and we're,
we're caught up in the lives of millions of people that have been lived before
us and the momentum of all the shitty decisions and all these bad choices and
and really corrupt ideas that have sort of facilitated the,
the system that's in place right now.
It's almost like we're born into this system that we don't have any control
over.
You just got to hone in on your passion and what speaks most to you and you
can't,
I mean you can't just live in constant misery of just how depressing the world
is and how fucked up everything is because we are winning the information war.
There is a global consciousness shift going on that is completely obvious and
you're either a part of it or you're not.
You know,
I wonder sometimes when I think about America,
because America has been around for just such a blip.
When you think about human history,
human history has been around for a blip in terms of world history,
but the United States is the real blip.
I mean,
1776 it's a fucking joke.
That's a couple hundred years ago.
That ain't shit right.
I mean,
that's amazing how short of a time that is and in that time and entirely new
nation has arisen.
And I always wonder like,
is there ever going to come a point in time where people were like,
fuck this place.
And they do it in mass the same way they came to the new world.
You know,
I wonder if like my family all came from immigrants.
My grandparents on both sides came from other countries.
Yeah,
mostly Italy,
but a little bit Ireland too.
And it's because it sucked over there and they just,
they took a chance and moving to another fucking land.
And I always wonder,
like is it,
is it possible that in our lifetime or several lifetimes from now,
whenever it is that we find a spot and we all get together and go,
you know what,
fuck this.
Like you can't keep living like this.
And maybe if we do it,
we are,
they,
the people do.
It's going to be the same thing that happened when the British tried to take
back America.
And when we had the revolutionary war.
I mean
it almost seems like that's the only way things are ever going to change in
terms of like the way America was so radically different than the countries that
we departed from.
The countries that people immigrated from and came to America and the founding
fathers of our country.
Taja tried to establish this ideal environment,
wrote the constitution,
the bill of rights,
tried to make laws and rules that made sense,
that taking into account all the errors of the past and all of the shit that
they didn't want to deal with with Europe and with England,
create some sort of a new establishment,
some sort of a new nation.
And I,
I wonder if it's too late to do that again.
I don't think it is.
And I think that it's unfortunate that you have politicians now,
you know,
on the backs of the ashes of the monarchy that we rose out of now you have these
politicians protecting the last bastion of absolute monarchies in the world,
which is these Gulf states.
I think that once we realize that money is not what really makes us happy,
um,
and,
and unfortunately,
I just think a lot of people still don't understand that.
Um,
it's,
it's really drilled into us with a materialistic society that we live in.
But if people would understand that happiness comes from something much deeper,
and that's why you people on absolute destitute poverty can be happier than the
richest person in the world.
Well,
they say Mexico.
It's one of the happiest countries in the world,
but yet one of the poorest countries in the world.
And if you go to Mexico,
so it's just such a laid back sort of invite.
I mean,
everybody has this idea of Mexico based on the border states and the border
cities and the drug war,
which is because,
and she goes,
well,
I'm fucking insatiable desire.
Whoa.
Oh,
they already have a shirt because America,
that's incredible.
That's amazing.
The shirt already exists.
Hmm.
Of course.
Of course exist.
Why would I think,
yeah,
didn't exactly.
Yep.
Absolutely.
There's probably one that says,
because Chris Kyle America,
that's the way to,
well that's coming.
It's going to be your,
your face on it.
Um,
I wanted to talk more about [inaudible] about this cold war stuff that we'll
have to do that next time.
Hopefully we can hold off on going to war with Russia in the meantime.
Do you think we will?
Do you really think we are there?
We're in danger of going to war with Russia.
I think that you have a lot of,
uh,
Warhawks that are on that side of the aisle who now want to shift the
conversation to really aggressive posturing with Russia.
It's very obvious.
Um,
the Middle East has already destroyed and now Russia and China are the next big
prizes.
Um,
I think that they're,
they're very threatened by Russia even though I don't know why,
cause we're,
Russia is not a really big,
strong economic force,
but I think it also perpetuates that enemy,
right?
To have an enemy,
to keep the military industrial complex,
turning to keep this kind of like cold war bullshit going.
So people live in fear and there's nothing the establishment fears more than a
populace not living in fear.
Powerful left,
powerful lefty,
Abby Martin Down with war man.
Flower power,
whereas bad.
Let's do art.
Do Art and hug it out.
Everyone.
Check it out.
Abby martin.org and check out my brother's documentary called American anthrax.
If you want to learn more about the whole anthrax
and send all your love,
not your to Abby Martin
on Twitter,
if you hate,
just don't,
don't say anything.
Just keep,
yeah.
How dare you.
Thank you.
Abby is always awesome talking to you.
I really appreciate it.
Let's do it more often now that you're free from the Russian shackles.
All right,
well we'll be back at six o'clock with Jim Norton and,
um,
and that's it.
See you soon.
Bye,
bye.